Alexander Downer has derided the line of suspicion as "silly", but surely some in his entourage - as he did the rounds of Indonesian military and police chiefs in Jakarta yesterday to discuss the Bali bombing - might have wondered how clean were some of the hands they were shaking. There is a long history of political manipulators within the Indonesian armed forces, or TNI, playing with the fire of Islamic extremism and staging incidents of terrorism, as well as the institution itself carrying out state terror as in Aceh, Ambon and East Timor - directly or through militia proxies.Robert Doyle is clearly the underdog and it is going to be a very tough fight but I will give him all the help he asks for", the PM declared from Alice Springs on Monday. For Howard, Victoria is a no-lose situation. Doyle is not expected to win, so his defeat would be no skin off the prime ministerial nose. But if Doyle did better than expected, Howard, who is soaring high, would receive some credit.The real impact of Labor's win is threefold. Labor no longer needs the independents. Labor no longer needs the Liberals in the Upper House. And Labor no longer needs to worry seriously about losing office next time it faces the voters. For Steve Bracks, this victory is freedom. His government is now free of the constraints under which it operated in its first three years. He can chuck out the P-plates. The car is now his, to drive wherever and however Labor chooses. But freedom is responsibility. It was one thing to support bad ideas such as creating a crime of industrial manslaughter when everyone knew the Liberals would block it in the Upper House. Now the responsibility for deciding what becomes law is solely on Labor itself. The independents were a valuable sounding board for Labor's reform plans. Now it is on its own.All the Member States in the European Union are signatories to the ECHR. They are obliged by article 1 to secure to everyone within their jurisdiction the rights and freedoms which it defines. It follows that every person seeking asylum in any of the Member States of the European Union is entitled to the protection of the ECHR. He is entitled to an effective remedy before a national authority if any of his rights and freedoms as set forth in it are violated: article 13.The report was commissioned by poker machine operator Tattersalls. Its methodology and the independence of its findings were questioned by InterChurch Gambling Taskforce spokesman Reverend Tim Costello, who said the survey was not reliable because it was based on participants filling out a diary for a fortnight. "People with gambling problems simply don't record their gambling expenditure," he said. He also said that if higher-income earners were really more likely to play on poker machines "there would be as many pokies in Toorak as there are in Footscray".The banks are winning in their campaign to cut their costs by changing the way we handle money and pay our bills. They are keeping us out of their branches, killing off the cheque, moving us onto the internet, making money less tangible and pushing us towards the cashless economy.When, on Sunday, December 17, 1967, the prime minister of Australia dived into the surf at Cheviot Beach near Portsea, never to be seen again, it was little wonder that his disappearance assumed an almost surreal quality. Even so, the mystery surrounding the death of Harold Holt is largely in the minds of those who dwell on such things. What is known for certain is that Mr Holt, 59, entered the water voluntarily after declaring to "know this beach like the back of my hand". It was likely this bravado, combined with lack of fitness and a boiling surf, claimed his life. That and his own belief in the image he had cultivated.As much as I am saddened by the death of many of the hostages, the use of the gas was clearly the right decision. If it were not for the timely intervention and the numbing of the terrorists by the gas, all 800+ hostages would be dead.A Council visibly moving toward authorizing force is the last remote hope of getting Iraq to disarm peacefully. Saddam Hussein reinforced that point himself yesterday by telling Dan Rather of CBS News that Iraqi missiles do not violate U.N. restrictions. That suggests he does not plan to carry out Mr. Blix's order to destroy missiles that exceed performance limits set by the U.N.We can create all the legal issues, laws and strict gun control we want. But if someone wants to kill, they could kill someone with a pen, pencil, knife, baseball bat or even a sling shot. So are we going to make it illegal for everything we can think of that might kill. Musa , USAI have been voting since 1964 and at one time worked for my chosen party. I have always believed it is my duty to vote and have rarely missed the opportunity to do so. On this occasion, however, I shall not vote for any individual or party but will spoil my paper. Why? I believe nationally this government holds us in contempt, and locally I have received no information at all on any of the candidates so it appears they don't much care either. Barbara, UKOf course it matters if WMD are found. The reason given for invading Iraq now was because they were an imminent threat because of their weapons of mass destruction. If it is found that the Bush administration lied and that Iraq wasn't an imminent threat to the US, Bush should step down. It's the least he could do to try amend for the loss of US lives, British lives, Iraqi lives and others. Mike, USThis maniac has got what he deserves. I believe that a long term prison sentence, with hard labour would have been more appropriate though. His death will be quick and humane, unlike the lifetime of suffering yet to be endured by the relatives of his victims. Heather W, UKUsing your logic it would be a waste if she aborts this child at 8.5 months. You previously said a child should not be killed because of sunk cost. 8.5 months of pregnacy for some women can be a high cost, for her to abort at this time it would be "a waste" so she shouldn't do it.If natural selection states that nature will (in a way) >"select" what is strong, while the weak dies; why would >somebody who believes such, want to take away money from the >rich and give to the poor? ...you can't derive an 'ought' from an 'is'. Evolution merely tells you what is; it tells you nothing about what you ought to do.Does the Priest Scandal Reveal the Beast?" In response to Reply #0 no but it does reveal the beast under some priests. The priests scandals cannot be taken as representing the whole church without taking into account the good doen by the church and sponsored by the church worldwide, Catholic charities, hospitals, schools in most of the poorest countries in the world. Mother theresa and people likes her more than make up for the bad doen by a small minority(blown out of proportion by the media and anti-catholics) Having said this those that did wrong should and will face judgement in this life or the next. Richard LambDuring his childhood, Muhammad garnered quite a reputation for his outstanding moral character, so much that he was titled al-Amin, or 'The Faithful'. Sir William Muir once stated "Our authorities all agree in ascribing to the youth of Muhammad a modesty of deportment and purity of manners rare among Meccans." During his youth, Muhammad never once touched wine, nor engaged in any game of gambling, nor did he even begin to develop a liking to war, in which the Arabs of his time were constantly engaged in. Certainly these characteristics were unusual in a man surrounded by a society indulged in all forms of idolatry and immorality. Nor did Muhammad develop a fond of wealth, and not once was he energetic in pursuit of riches. Muhammad would've have rather spent his time in prayer, or in solitude, during much of his youth. When young, he become a member of the Hilfal-Fudzul, an alliance formed to vindicate the rights of the weak and help the plight of the poor. He spent to help those who were poor after marrying the wealthy widow Khadija, and in every instance did he free a slave who entered his household. Imam Ghazali, the great Islamic scholar, summed up the Prophet (saas)'s treatment of those around him in light of the information found in the hadiths: "... Everyone thought that the Prophet honoured him more..." He was affectionate towards everyone, never interupted their speech, no matter how short or long, always was the first to stretch his hand to greet, and the last to let go. He greeted everyone with a smile, and left with a smile. If you would take a look at the society in which Muhammad grew up, in which differing warring tribes fought bloody wars over the slightest of percieved insults. Where the various peoples were steeped in immorality and idolatry, and yet, 40 years later, the whole of Arabia was unified as one. Quite a feat I would imagine. So this is my 'Problem of Muhammad', or 'Problem of Islam'. If we were to take a look at Arabia before and after the coming of Muhammad, we would see two completely different societies. Now, something has to accomodate for this. Not even did the blessed Biblical prophets, nor Jesus himself change the behavior of a people so steeped in immorality and idolatry. So, if Muhammad exhibited such outstanding moral characteristics that those who were not close to him would come to believe that he was always a trustworthy and honourable person, and that they would have no reason to disbelieve in his claim of Divine Revelation. But, what is different between Muhammad and other perported figures who claimed Divine Revelation, were those who were closest to him. They as well, believed with all their hearts that this man, whom they slept with, whom they ate with and whom they fought with, was in fact recieving Revelation from GOD. They knew because of his outstanding moral character, and from his trustworthy personality. Now, on what basis do have of condemning his claim of recieving Divine Revelation as demonic? GOD would obviously not decieve such an outstanding moral figure, one who exemplified the meaning of true morals. And moreover, God would not let such a man be decieved by the Devil! If Islam was really demonic, would we have the countless calls for prayer to God, the countless calls to help the needy and the poor, the countless calls of submission in all aspects of life to God? It would seem, that the Devil himself is ardently submitting himself to God! How can Christians claim that what Muhammad recieved was in reality demonic, in the face of these facts?Christians will proclaim that God does exist, but they never live their lives as such, demonstrating that in their heart of hearts, they know God does not exist...scientists do not draw conclusions based on superficial resemblance. Sometimes organisms that are similar are not closely related (dolphins and sharks) and organisms that are on the surface very dissimilar (hyraxes and elephants, cetaceans and hippos) are closely related. Hyraxes or dassies, there are many other species than just Procavia capensis, have specific anatomical traits only found in elephants. How would you scientifically explain this observation? This is an excellent argument against similarity due to common design since the two organisms share many detailed antomical similarites but lead totally different lifestyles. In your language they are similar yet designed for different lifestyles. Common descent is a scientific hypothesis that can account for both similarites and differences through the principle of descent with modification, independent creation can not. HermIt appears to us to be too extreme a penalty to strike a solicitor off in circumstances where there is no substantive charge of dishonesty or recklessness; no finding that the Legal Aid Fund (or anybody else) paid out any money in respect of unjustified claims put forward by the solicitor or by staff under her actual supervision; no finding that she was paid anything at all in the course of the matters complained of; no finding of any cash shortage in relation to any of her clients; and no previous conviction which related to a period earlier than the offences with which she was now charged.Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.The police were first alerted that something out of the ordinary had occurred when they received a telephone call from the appellant. The call was logged at 3.36 a.m. but there was evidence that made clear that it must have been at least 10 minutes earlier. The caller was the appellant and having given his name and address he said: "You've got to help me. My father has rang me and said "Please come over. Your sister has gone crazy and has got the gun." Then the line went dead." He went on to say that his sister had a history of psychiatric illness and he confirmed that there were guns at his father's house, which was White House Farm, Tolleshunt D'Arcy in Essex. The telephonist contacted the Police Information Room and a police car was despatched to the father's address. The appellant was asked to meet the police there. 2. When the police attended at the farm, they were joined by the appellant. There was no sound from the farm save for the barking of a dog and fearing that they might be in a hostage situation the police decided to wait until daylight. At about 7.45 a.m., armed officers entered the farm and found all 5 occupants dead from gunshot wounds. Mr. Bamber lay dead in the kitchen, his wife was dead on the floor in her bedroom, the boys were dead in their bed and Sheila Caffell was lying on the floor of the same room as her mother. Across her chest and pointing up at her neck, through which the wounds that had killed her had been fired, was the rifle used to shoot all five members of the family. Beside her body lay a Bible. The scene certainly gave the appearance that Sheila Caffell had shot herself, and the likelihood that this was the case was reinforced by information given to the police by the appellant.The first defendant has claimed that 5 Ropemaker Road was never used as offices. The claimant has never worked there. He doubts he has ever been there. Yet Mr. O'Donnell, on the face of it a close associate of the first defendant is contacting the claimant there in respect of the very matters raised by the alleged agreement between the claimant and the first defendant very shortly after, on the claimant's account, that agreement was reached. Moreover, a court would be entitled to infer that the presence of at least four telephones at the address suggests it was being used as offices, as the claimant states. In my view, this evidence tends to support the claimant's account. While of course it does not of itself put the first defendant at Ropemaker Road at the material time, it suggests his account regarding Ropemaker Road is untrue.It was perfectly possible for the parties to plead and argue the issue as to whether there was a loan agreement or partnership agreement and for the judge to resolve that issue, without the judge having to decide at that stage all the issues that might arise between the parties in the dissolution of the partnership. In a partnership action, especially where the partnership agreement was oral rather than by deed, it is not uncommon for issues to arise on the taking of the accounts in the course of winding up and for those issues to be directed to be tried in order to determine the legal and factual basis on which the accounts should be taken.We also drafted a procedure for dealing with judges who flouted the code. This, too, was accepted. But no statutory base has yet been accorded to the code, despite representations to the government." The need for a mandatory code of conduct is felt when one weighs the latest allegations of judicial misconduct: Three Karnataka HC judges, accompanied by women, get into a brawl in a Mysore wayside eatery. A Rajasthan HC judge and a court staffer offer to settle a litigant's case if she "obliges" them. Three Punjab & Haryana HC judges use their clout to get their nominees selected by Punjab Public Service Commission ex-chief and scam-accused Ravi Sidhu. A drunk Madhya Pradesh HC judge uses foul language in an exclusive club in Bhopal. A Rajasthan HC judge (since transferred) sexually molests a male constable.In considering the intention of Parliament when passing the 1985 Act, or perhaps more properly the intention of the draftsman in settling its terms, there are three (but only three) hypotheses to be considered: (1) that reference to the 1938 Act was omitted because it was regarded as clear that the 1938 Act would continue to operate, in cases to which it applied, irrespective of the terms of Part V; (2) that reference to the 1938 Act was omitted because it was not in the mind of the draftsman of Part V; (3) that reference to the 1938 Act was omitted because Part V was not seen to encroach upon or conflict with the operation of section 5. 9. I would reject the first hypothesis for two reasons. First, it is the practice of parliamentary draftsmen to show an abundance of caution and to favour the avoidance of doubt. Secondly, had the draftsman conceived that a secure tenant's right to buy could be subject to a condition of ministerial consent under section 5 that right would not have been defined in section 118 in the terms quoted in paragraph 7 above, and provision would have been made for asserting and admitting or denying, and handling, claims to exercise the right to buy where ministerial consent was required. If I concluded (as I do not) that section 5 was intended to operate in cases covered by Part V, I would agree with Buxton LJ that the Part V procedures could be made to work, but the absence of any indication that the procedures were devised to apply to conditional rights fortifies the inference that section 5 was not intended to operate in cases covered by Part V. Had it been so intended, the draftsman would have imposed a duty on a local authority to refer to the Secretary of State a claim to exercise the right to buy made by a tenant whose case fell within section 5.The majority of the Court of Appeal, Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR and Longmore LJ, considered there had been no contempt. In the minority, Simon Brown LJ, would have upheld the judgment of Silber J. So, by a majority of two to one, the decision of Silber J was set aside.Howard's North Asian tour -- one of 10 overseas visits he is taking this year -- started off in embarrassment in the Philippines. In Manila's swank Makata Shangri La Hotel, he was preparing notes on a meeting with President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo. Suddenly the TV screen lit up. CNN was breaking the news that Jemaah Islamiah explosives expert Fathur Rohman Al-Ghozi had broken out of a Manila jail, courtesy of corrupt jailers.Approaching the matter in that way, I am satisfied that the present is not a very exceptional case of that kind. The claimants have published articles supporting a transition to a republic and, even though Mr Rusbridger specifically drew the articles to the attention of the Attorney-General, they have not been prosecuted. They want to publish similar articles in the future and, if they do so, they will not be prosecuted then either. Their decisions as to whether or not to publish such articles are not affected in any way by the existence of section 3. The issue of the compatibility or incompatibility of that section with article 10 is therefore moot so far as the claimants are concerned.At the beginning of the story Ms Mulkerrins owned a freehold property where she ran a small but profitable business as the proprietor of a nursing home. She faced the prospect of bankruptcy as a result of the failure of a business which she and her husband had formerly carried on together. The situation was tailor-made for an individual voluntary arrangement ("IVA"). Bankruptcy would destroy the business and yield relatively little for the creditors. An IVA, on the other hand, would preserve the business and enable the creditors to receive payments from the income of the nursing home.Increasing evidence suggests that many hostages died because they were not given basic medical care immediately after their rescue. Television images showed special forces placing on bare concrete unconscious hostages, who were then left utterly unattended. Footage indicated that no doctors were available outside the theater at that time. Russian authorities continue to withhold vital information about the gas, even though it is of key importance to medical doctors who are still treating hostages-some of whom are still in grave condition-and to survivors, who may face long-term health consequences. According to reliable sources who spoke to Human Rights Watch, doctors from several humanitarian organizations who were in the theater's immediate vicinity sought access to the released hostages but were denied by security officials. When doctors finally did see the hostages, in ambulances or hospitals, medical personnel were unable to prescribe appropriate treatment, as officials had not informed them of the substance that was used.At any moment, North Koreans risk being picked up by Chinese authorities and returned to North Korea under the terms of a secret 1986 agreement between Beijing and Pyongyang. Yet under the UN Refugee Convention, to which it is a party, China is obligated not to push back asylum seekers in danger of persecution. In North Korea, anyone leaving the country without authorization is subject to three years in a labor camp, or even the death penalty.Still, it is possible that, should war erupt in Iraq, American and British forces might fall foul of, for example, the provision of the ICC treaty outlawing attacks on military targets that cause "clearly excessive" harm to civilians. That is especially so if they do not learn lessons from recent wars and take corrective steps. The weapon most likely to produce such harm is the cluster bomb. A typical cluster bomb is a container that opens in mid-air and scatters up to 200 bomblets over an area the size of half a soccer field. Even in their new, "wind-corrected" form, cluster bombs are not precision weapons. If used where civilians are present, the size of the area they attack and the difficulty of directing them reliably mean that civilian casualties - sometimes substantial casualties - are foreseeable. A court conceivably could find that the use of cluster bombs in such circumstances is a war crime.Unlike the U.K., the U.S. has not revealed the number of ground-launched cluster munitions used in Iraq. An unnamed U.S. defense official told a reporter for Los Angles Times that the U.S. does not keep track of ground launched cluster munitions.   "If the Pentagon doesn't keep track of ground-launched cluster munitions, it had better start," said Brigety. "This information is very important, especially when the weapon has been improperly used in urban areas."   Several of the ground-launched cluster munitions in service with U.S. and U.K. forces produce an unacceptably high percentage of de facto landmines when they fail to function on impact. Official U.S. data documents a minimum of 14 to 16 percent dud rates for common ground launched cluster munitions. These dud rates climb when the impact environment includes vegetation or structures.Human Rights Watch said that China's failure to acknowledge long prison sentences against Tibetans demonstrates yet again the government's determination to prevent the international community from learning the full extent of its ongoing crackdown against Tibetan activists."Putting Saddam Hussein on trial will be complicated, but it has to be done," said Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch. "You don't build respect for the rule of law by choosing to kill someone, no matter how heinous their crimes, because it's the easier thing to do."Elections in Pakistan are over and they have led to Islamist parties, sympathetic to the Taliban-Al Qaeda, acquiring majority status in the western provinces, besides an influential role for themselves in the governance of the country. This portends new uncertainties about the direction of Pakistan's policies about jehad and related violence inside and across the borders. The most likely scenario, even without the Islamic parties gaining so much ground, was an even less co-operative leadership in Islamabad than the current dispensation which had itself stonewalled all pressures to implement its promises made to India, the US and the international community to end jehadi terrorism.The proposal to give others equity participation in the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), a public sector undertaking, makes one feel that we are faltering in our determination to be self-sufficient. We have already sold proven oil fields for a song. The question arises why we should be disinvesting in a company like the ONGC. It is making good money and the oil, whether drilled from the field or processed in a refinery, is still a strategic commodity for the country.He must wait for the monsoon to set in before he gets so uppity about what economists can do for him. He will need all their creativity to explain away rising inflation and a subdued capital market. This is a good budget, but it is based on a gamble. If the gamble works, Singh can still hope to get that widely coveted prize that eluded Yashwant Sinha for five years, the global Best Finance Minister award. But if growth remains below par - by which I mean below 6.0 per cent - and inflation moves upwards, Singh will see all this praise melt away. Nothing angers the middle class more than inflation and that is a threat a Singh tenure at the fisc certainly faces. It will also dampen demand that Singh so desperately needs to make his strategy click.Consider the Vajpayee government today. A BJP prime minister, a BJP deputy prime minister in charge of home, a BJP minister of finance, external affairs, HRD, information and broadcasting, health, commerce and industries, petroleum, rural development, civil aviation, surface transport, law. Now add agriculture. And they still call this a National Democratic Alliance government?The present prime minister and his finance minister, Jaswant Singh, were in December 1993 the loudest voices demanding ministerial retribution for that JPC report, but have fallen strangely silent over the NDA government, and its agencies and regulators, conniving through the sins of commission and omission detailed in the latest JPC report with the likes of Ketan Parekh and his ilk to milk this nation of thousands upon thousands of crores of the savings of small investors. And this notwithstanding the telling one-line paragraph in the JPC report which lays down that "ministerial responsibility for this report" flows from the same principles adumbrated in the previous JPC report. If no minister is responsible for all that went wrong in our capital markets over the first eighteen months of this government's rule (October 1999 to March 2001, the period of the scam as defined by the JPC) does it mean the liberalisation of the economy has liberated ministers from their responsibility to the country through Parliament? How can those, especially Vajpayee who bayed for blood at the special extended session of Parliament on December 29-30 1993 and then disrupted proceedings for two long weeks from July 27 to August 11 1994, now turn their backs on the principles they so vigorously upheld when they were in Opposition? Especially as no less than seven of the members of the present council of ministers were in 1992-93 members of the previous JPC. Is not what was then sauce for the goose now sauce for the gander?Those queues of people jostling to figure in the list of the lucky 5,000 who will become cellphone owners in the initial phase, tell a story of ordinary people who wish nothing more than to lead productive lives after years of existing in the penumbra of the battle-zone. They know that in today's world the cellphone has the potential of transforming not just inter-personal communication but business and professional prospects. Not surprisingly, therefore, it is the young who are the most enthused by the new device.The treaties and covenants aiming for a world free of nuclear arsenals and other conventional and biological weapons of mass destruction should be adhered to scrupulously by all nations since survival of the entire world is at stake.If Pakistan thinks that it would be able to achieve its objectives by perpetrating terrorism in India in this manner, Pakistan is mistaken. If no war can achieve this, the low intensity war or terrorism cannot achieve it, and India will certainly not allow it to be achieved in this fashion.It is well established that if any statement is made on the floor of the House by a Member or Minister which another Member believes to be untrue, incomplete or incorrect, it does not constitute a breach of privilege.  In order to constitute a breach of privilege or contempt of the House, it has to be proved that the statement was not only wrong or misleading but it was made deliberately to mislead the House.  A breach of privilege can arise only when the Member or the Minister makes a false statement or an incorrect statement wilfully, deliberately and knowingly.    On a perusal of the comments of the Ministers in the matter, I am satisfied that there has been no misleading of the House by them as alleged by the Member.   I have accordingly disallowed the notice of question of privilege.  Copies of the comments of the Ministers have already been made available to Dr. Raghuvansh Prasad Singh.The recharging of ground water should be taken care of because pumping ground water in discriminately without recharging is creating havoc. The water level is reducing day by day. When the water table comes down, it affects the drinking water and tubewells get dislodged.I have always believed that debates and discussions are the life and blood of parliamentary democracy. Therefore, I have exercised the powers conferred on me by the Rules of Procedures to enable all sections of the House to express their views so that different shades of opinions may be placed before the House on matters under discussion.SHRI E.M. SUDARSANA NATCHIAPPAN supporting the Bill, said : We have made three-tier system where the local administration is also under the people's representatives. At such a juncture, we need a lot of money for reaching the people and putting forth our ideas when we are contesting the elections.It is impossible to fault the architects of the merger of University College London (UCL) and Imperial College for the scale of their ambition: "This is about creating the world's number one university," claims Sir Derek Edwards, the provost of UCL. "This would put Oxford and Cambridge way, way behind and would put us in a strong position to rival Harvard."Of course, giving more power to patients will mean giving the most power to articulate, well-informed and pushy patients, who tend to be better-off. No health-care system can hope to be perfectly egalitarian, but patient power should drive up standards for everyone; keeping power in the hands of doctors and bureaucrats, on the other hand, will keep standards low while being just as unequal. Nor is it safe to assume that, because the poor are less well- informed, it is in their interest that all the important decisions about their care should be made for them.There is also something to be said for maintaining public spending in current economic conditions and when other parts of the economy, such as business investment and exports, are so sluggish. As Mr Brown tacitly acknowledged, an overheated housing market and low interest rates cannot fuel consumer spending for ever. Business investment and confidence are at a low, and not helped by the Government's failure to offer any hope that it is serious about joining the euro, which could offer exporters and inward investment a much-needed boost.For starters, there is no guarantee that this military adventure will, in fact, lead to a "regime change", or peace and stability for your region. In the balance are not only the dead and mutilated of Iraq (and who knows how many from the invading force), but the very real possibility that such an act of pre-emptive world-destabilising aggression could spin out of control and lead to other despots pre-emptively arming themselves with all manner of apocalyptic weapons and, perhaps, to Armageddon. And if we add that I am unconvinced, along with so many others in the world, that your dictator has sufficient weapons of mass destruction truly to pose a threat to other countries or ties to criminal groups who could use them for terror, I have to say no to war.It's the old Orissa drought and starvation story being played out again. This time in Rajasthan. Even as the casualties mount, the state and central governments would like the world to believe that the deaths were caused by disease and lack of hygiene rather than by abject poverty and starvation. But for anyone who visits Rajasthan's Baran district, the apathy of the district administration and the failure of the Public Distribution System (pds) is clear to see. Whatever spin you give it, it is hunger that is claiming its victims.Elections in Pakistan are over and they have led to Islamist parties, sympathetic to the Taliban-Al Qaeda, acquiring majority status in the western provinces, besides an influential role for themselves in the governance of the country. This portends new uncertainties about the direction of Pakistan\'s policies about jehad and related violence inside and across the borders. The most likely scenario, even without the Islamic parties gaining so much ground, was an even less co-operative leadership in Islamabad than the current dispensation which had itself stonewalled all pressures to implement its promises made to India, the US and the international community to end jehadi terrorism.As far as the comment that we only use 10% of our brain's potential, as opposed to 10% of a physical part, this is silly too. First of all, the 10% number was invented. It's not based on anything.Sky News correspondent Jeff Reed rose after one of those military briefings in Doha to ask: "Can I ask the daily weapons of mass destruction question? They haven't been deployed. They haven't been discovered. Is this war going to make history by being ended before you've found its cause?" After a significant pause, Maj Gen Victor Renuart replied, "That's a great question. We continue to look at sites around the country." That was two weeks ago. That question is asked again by the enduring image of the war-the 12-year-old boy Ali Ismail Abbas who lost both his arms, and both his parents, to a US bomb. If Renuart still can't answer Reed's question, why did Ali lose his arms? If the wmds are found, questions would still arise over the bombing of civilians-mostly children-because 60 per cent of Iraq's 24 million are children. If not, the very act of war would be illegal, and Saddam's reign of brutality glossed by his one truth: that Iraq possessed no wmd. Saddam was as bad a guy as one can get, but there is no law-national or international-that sanctions attacks on guys because you have good reason to believe they are bad, and could threaten you (see infographic). Says jurist Fali S. Nariman, "There is no international law justifying a state taking pre-emptive military action against another state where the doctrine of necessity would not so warrant. A state's claim for self-defence does not justify military action against another state that has not attempted or threatened an attack on it."Let me cut to the chase. When I look at the facts, it seems to me that there should be a travel advisory out warning tourists against travel to any city on this planet. All US Embassies should retreat to safer cover - probably on another planet, for it is hard to see where on earth, in the US and out of it, they would be immune to attack. All Americans, in and out of the US, should probably wear protective armor, include bioterror suits, from an early age.Was the timing intended? It would be difficult to say. Was the blast meant to intimidate the judges trying the cases arising from the Bali explosion not to pronounce a guilty verdict. Though acts of terrorism meant to intimidate the judiciary are not uncommon in India, the Jakarta blast, which was directed at the American-owned Marriot Hotel, does not appear to have been meant to warn the Indonesian judiciary. If they had wanted to convey a warning to the judiciary, they would have chosen as their target a building associated with the judiciary or at least the government.There have been no claims of responsibility for the Bali bombings. But some of the methods used in the blasts indicate that they are the work of an international terrorist group, not just local Islamic radicals. For example, the bomb used in the nightclub attack was reportedly made from a military plastic explosive similar to the one used in the attack on the USS Cole in Yemen two years ago.Yet many Japanese complain against the new more liberal curriculum and deplore the decline in basic standards that they say is undermining Japan's ability to compete in the world. Certainly high Japanese standards of basic education have been important factors in Japan's postwar economic success, but Japan is no longer essentially a manufacturing economy. Its future is going to depend on value-added products and entrepreneurial flair. This requires individuality and imagination. These are qualities that the old system often suppressed.The DPJ crisis is also likely to have an effect on other opposition parties, for the public's disappointment with the DPJ will lead to an erosion of confidence in the opposition camp as a whole. A weakening of opposition ranks, already evident in the Diet and elsewhere, will further embolden the ruling parties. As a result, politics may lose some of its vital flexibility to the detriment of sound parliamentary democracy in Japan. That is why the DPJ should consider the Hatoyama resignation in the broader context of a political reorganization. The election of a new leadership must be the first step in this process. Discussion of more detailed and more credible plans for promoting opposition unity is needed. For a start, the party should account for its stunning setbacks in October's parliamentary by-elections. A candid analysis of its mistakes is essential to its revival.That's a harsh judgment, but success will depend on a long series of conditions. First, the U.S. and its allies have to win the war against Iraq -- assuming it is fought -- and do it quickly. A stalemate, or even "peaceful regime change," would undermine the U.S. ability to shape political outcomes in Iraq, the first domino in the Bush vision. There is little doubt that the Iraq could withstand the U.S. assault, but the U.S. has to win an overwhelming victory, one that ends completely the current Baghdad regime. Only then will Washington have the free hand it wants to remake Iraq as well as the leverage with other governments in the region.President Roh, the first South Korean president born after the end of World War II, has no direct experience of Japan's 1910-1945 colonization of Korea. At a postsummit press conference, he said, encouragingly, that he wants to avoid the issue of "history" -- Japan's militaristic past -- and that the two nations should make joint efforts to create a better future. The Japanese people need to take that statement humbly, for there are still many people, including politicians, who seem to glorify or whitewash some of our nation's misdeeds. The latest example is a remark by the policy chief of the Liberal Democratic Party that tried to justify Japan's colonial policy of forcing Koreans to take Japanese surnames. Mutual confidence, not narrow nationalism, is what the two nations need most as they look to the future.Lest there be any misunderstanding one point should be clarified at the outset. Considered as a matter of social policy, there are arguments in favour of answering this question yes, and arguments in favour of answering no. It may be said that the loss should fall on the person who chooses to keep an animal which is known to be dangerous in some circumstances. He is aware of the risks involved, and he should bear the risks. On the other hand, it can be said that, negligence apart, everyone must take the risks associated with the ordinary characteristics of animals commonly kept in this country. These risks are part of the normal give and take of life in this country.You want a cure for most "depression" case here is what you do. First, realize that depression is a feeling and there are other feelings. Second, there are a very few that have depression so great as to override other feelings like hunger and warmth. Third, take the kid 20 miles into the woods with a map, compass, and trail markers and tell that kid to walk due east to a camp with food, shelter, and a two way radio. Fourth, go home and wait for the call. It will probably take at least two days because the kid won't think your serious. But when that belly rumbles and a chill creeps up, there will be no more depression. That need to survive will kick in and that will be it.I don't know squat about hydrogen as an energy source. I do know that oil is not renewable in the normal span of a human life. It takes a zillion years and a lot of dinosaurs to make the stuff. That alone tells me we must husband it's use far more than we presently do.I recently came across a copy of "Seapower," the official magazine of the Navy League -- the Navy, Marines, Coast Guard and the Merchant Marine. The list of "corporate sponsors" include (among its "Gold Medal members") Lockheed-Martin, Rockwell, General Dynamics, Grumman, GE, etc., with glossy full-page ads advertising their latest cutting-edge developments. In fact, these corporate sponsors are the *only* advertisers in the magazine. The articles themselves make repeated references to the technological developments of these corporations. In other words, it is hardly more than a business magazine by and for the defense industry.My wifes family has many relatives that work in the prison system in NY state. At one wedding we attended a date of one of her brothers was arguing for a novel approach to prison overcrowding and abuses, her idea was to just throw open the doors and let them all out. The idea was funny enough that everyone laughed. Seriously though, I think that some people would be more cowed by taking thirty lashes than sitting in a prison for ten years, and that would certainly be cheaper than incarceration, you do the crime, you get convicted, you are punished, and the punishments over, you paid your debt and can get on with life.Small arms in the hands of honest citizens is a good thing. Because most people are good, having them armed is a benefit to society, because it provides a control on the tiny minority of bad people, who are always going to be armed regardless of laws.I wonder if the term "Gated Communities" is the right term... perhaps they should be called "Gated Housing Developments"? I know of no such places in which there is wealth of community feeling, block parties, and welcome wagons within the walls; if anything, the families within appear more isolated than those outside.Most of the nearly 200 people killed and hundreds others injured on Saturday were foreign tourists, but Indonesia has been badly hurt as well. Its sense of security has been jolted, its stock market is reeling and Bali's economically important tourist industry faces ruinous free fall. This was the latest and deadliest of several recent assaults. Together they offer evidence that Al Qaeda and its allies have survived the war in Afghanistan and are regrouping to organize new strikes. Two weeks ago Kuwaiti terrorists opened fire on American marines in the country for joint exercises with the Kuwaiti military, killing one of them. One of the assailants left behind a tape pledging allegiance to Osama bin Laden. Yesterday more gunfire was directed at American troops in Kuwait. Late last month a French oil tanker was set ablaze off Yemen in what Paris believes was a terrorist attack. Meanwhile a new tape by Osama bin Laden's top deputy, Ayman al-Zawahiri, has begun circulating. American authorities believe it was recorded recently.In a speech that appears to have been timed for the upcoming elections, President Bush attacked the Senate this week for having a "lousy record" of confirming his judicial nominees. The facts do not bear this out. The Democratic-controlled Senate confirmed 80 judges in its first 15 months in power - more than the Republican-led Senate confirmed in its final 30 months in control, from 1999 through the summer of 2001.California 's law extends the time in which prosecution is allowed,authorizes prosecutions that the passage of time has previously barred,and was enacted after prior limitations periods for Stogner ' s alleged offenses had expired. Such features produce the kind of retroactivity that the Constitution forbids.First,the law threatens the kinds of harm that the Clause seeks to avoid,for the Clause protects liberty by preventing govern- ments from enacting statutes with "manifestly unjust and oppressive " retroactive effects.Calder v.Bull,3 Dall.386,391.Second,the law falls literally within the categorical descriptions of ex post facto laws that Justice Chase set forth more than 200 years ago in Calder v. Bull,which this Court has recognized as an authoritative account of the Clause 's scope,Collins v.Youngblood,497 U.S.37,46.It falls within the second category,which Justice Chase understood to in- clude a new law that inflicts punishments where the party was not, by law,liable to any punishment.Third,numerous legislators, courts,and commentators have long believed it well settled that the Clause forbids resurrection of a time-barred prosecution.The Recon- struction Congress of 1867 rejected a bill that would have revived time-barred treason prosecutions against Jefferson Davis and others, passing instead a law extending unexpired limitations periods. Roughly contemporaneous State Supreme Courts echoed the view that laws reviving time-barred prosecutions are ex post facto.Even courts that have upheld extensions of unexpired statutes of limita- tions have consistently distinguished situations where the periods have expired ,often using language that suggests a presumption that reviving time-barred criminal cases is not allowed.In a speech that appears to have been timed for the upcoming elections, President Bush attacked the Senate this week for having a "lousy record" of confirming his judicial nominees. The facts do not bear this out. The Democratic-controlled Senate confirmed 80 judges in its first 15 months in power - more than the Republican-led Senate confirmed in its final 30 months in control, from 1999 through the summer of 2001A Council visibly moving toward authorizing force is the last remote hope of getting Iraq to disarm peacefully. Saddam Hussein reinforced that point himself yesterday by telling Dan Rather of CBS News that Iraqi missiles do not violate U.N. restrictions. That suggests he does not plan to carry out Mr. Blix's order to destroy missiles that exceed performance limits set by the U.NNuclear bombs should not be casually re-engineered for ordinary battlefield use. Washington must be wary of appearing to lower the psychological threshold for nuclear weapons use at a time when countries like Pakistan, India and probably North Korea have added nuclear weapons to their arsenals and a chief objective of American policy is to make sure these weapons are never used.Talk about preaching to the choir. President Bush and his clueless team of economic advisers held a summit at the president's ranch in Crawford, Tex., yesterday. This is the ferociously irresponsible crowd that has turned its back on simple arithmetic and thinks the answer to every economic question is a gigantic tax cut for the rich. Their voodoo fantasies were safe in Crawford. There was no one at the ranch to chastise them for bequeathing backbreaking budget deficits to generations yet unborn. And no one was there to confront them with evidence of the intense suffering that so many poor, working-class and middle-class families are experiencing right now because of job losses on Mr. Bush's watch.Confronting Australian demands for tougher sanctions, the African troika members responded that Zimbabwe's 12-month suspension from the Commonwealth had not run its course and more time was needed for diplomacy to bear fruit. Plausible enough -- if there had there been some progress in the six months since the Marlborough House demands: dialogue between Zanu-PF and the opposition, engagement with the Commonwealth on electoral changes, and involvement of the Commonwealth and the United Nations in land reform. Nothing has happened on any of these fronts, as President Thabo Mbeki and Nigeria's Olusegun Obasanjo conceded to the world's media after the Abuja meeting. Nor could they offer a convincing reason for believing another six months of diplomacy will make a difference.It is the very fact that these people are a fringe minority with no capacity to overthrow the government that makes them all the more dangerous. Their impotence frustrates them and makes them want to carry out the type of attacks that rocked Gauteng this week. The worst mistake, therefore, will be to write them off and giggle at their antics.But the truth appears to be far more mundane. Multiple Wits sources of varied ideological and other hues say that signs emerged very early in Reid Birley's tenure that she was extraordinarily difficult to work with and that the unanimous initial goodwill towards her steadily dissipated among those who had to interact with her daily. We report this week that senior Wits academics, whom we name with their permission and whose own transformation and gender credentials are impeccable, despairingly recount that Reid Birley repeatedly rejected long-term attempts at constructive intervention. It is also a matter of record that two very senior managers, recruited from an historically disadvantaged university and who can scarcely be said to be anti-transformation reactionaries, have distanced themselves from Reid Birley. With such considerations in mind, it is difficult to understand Reid Birley's claims that allegations against her are without substance. Clearly, a crisis had been building up for many months; equally clearly, Wits needed to act urgently to resolve it.One can also protest that there is scope for less stringency on the budget deficit. The Congress of South African Trade Unions has pointed out that European economies struggle to hold their deficits at below 3%, while ours will grow to 2,4% over the next two years.The notion that there is a media vendetta to prove that black people are inherently corrupt is fallacious. The simple fact is that this country is run by a black government and the upper rungs of public service are mainly peopled by blacks. And another truth beyond doubt is that the same government runs one of the more competent and forward-looking administrations on the planet. It is, therefore, demographically logical that its successes are directly attributable to black people at the helm. And it is also demographically logical that when wrongdoing takes place in the ranks of government, the probabilities are that it will be the black people running the show who will be fingered. That is simple logic.This week at the African Union assembly in the city, South African airforce helicopters circled the port; its naval vessels protected the waters; South African sniffer dogs swept the spanking white convention centre (funded by the Chinese) while South African firemen and other security kept the continent's governing elite safe. The lesson is clear. While she had her own prawns in bounteous supply, Mozambique would not have been able to pull off even the meeting without a little help from friends.Mail & Guardian readers can be excused for feeling a little puzzled by developments in the government's HIV/Aids policy last week. "Thabo, Manto deepen Aids row", M&G posters bellowed on Friday. "Government acts on Aids", other media assured us a day later. Both were on the mark. Prompted by mounting concern about the potential election fallout, and driven by enlightened ministers, there was a Cabinet U-turn on drug treatment for Aids sufferers. But as last week's Aids conference highlighted, denialism persists. For this reason, it is essential to ensure that the proposed national treatment plan actually takes place and that, as far as possible, its implementation is removed from the suffocating hand of the denialists.Indonesia cannot afford to become a haven for an Islamic radicalism which would wreck the economy and tear the archipelago apart. The war on terror will be intensified.On the first aspect: the conflict that we undertook (rightly, I believe) in 1939 belonged to a world in which wars were still fought between clearly defined sovereign states struggling over the control of territory. Both sides could (and did) inflict the tactics of terror on the other by aerial bombardment; but whether in France or Russia or the Western Desert, the heart of the conflict was about promoting or resisting territorial advance. The fact that the war was finally won in the East by tactics that had nothing to do with this (the atomic bomb) doesn't alter the circumstances in which the war began. It might, though, make us think about why things since 1945 have been so different. Hiroshima was the start of a process leading to the development of weaponry that made territorial struggles irrelevant. The long-distance delivery of weapons of mass destruction altered the character of war itself. Strategy reorganised itself around a balance of terror, Mutually Assured Destruction. The post-Cold War period may have seen the dissolution of this strategic assumption; but it has not taken us back to the age when nation states fought territorial campaigns. Thus initiating military action against Iraq is not a simple matter of honouring clear treaty obligations (as in 1939; the case can be made, though with some awkwardness, for the first Gulf conflict), nor of rebutting direct aggression, territorial or economic or whatever, against ourselves.The Army of Palestine is claiming responsibility for yesterday's atrocity, but that does not rule out the involvement of bin Laden's organisation; when the American embassy in Nairobi was bombed in 1998, al-Qa'eda operated in the name of the Islamic Army against the Jews and the Crusaders.Look at the figures: 121 Labour MPs, 13 Tories (including Mr Clarke) and 52 Liberal Democrats voted for an amendment declaring the case against Saddam Hussein as yet unproven. A total of 199 MPs voted against early military action, while 393 voted for war. But if fewer than 100 of the 125 Tories who backed Mr Blair had instead voted with Mr Clarke, the Prime Minister would have lost. So the Tories, amazingly, can still make a difference.Yet, if the carriers are not built and properly equipped, a shadow will fall over the whole of Britain's defence capability. It will not only be the Royal Navy that will be threatened with descent into decline. It will be the Army and the Royal Air Force as well. First, the Services' ability to mount independent operations will be compromised. The Army will not be able to undertake missions at a distance from the home base, because it will not have the air cover essential to its operability. The same goes for the Royal Air Force. It cannot acquire land bases from which to operate outside the home area unless the Navy can provide cover while it does so. Second, Britain's military standing with America, currently so high, will suffer unless it can maintain some sort of equivalence with the American military machine, now so preponderant. The Pentagon, while expressing its appreciation of British combat skills, already qualifies its admiration. The British forces, it says, compensate for technical deficiencies by human achievement. It is likely to become less complimentary if Britain falls technically further behind. Finally, to touch a matter close to the Prime Minister's heart, Britain is at present enjoying an artificial military superiority over its European partners. The bigger EU states - France, Italy, Spain and now Germany - are professionalising their armed forces. They are also bracing themselves to accept higher levels of defence spending."How can he stop him?" The tone of helplessness says it all. Mr Campbell exercises an extraordinary psychological dominance over the Prime Minister. It seems he can get away with anything. He has called him "a prat" in front of one witness, has told him to "get a f------ move on" when he believes a meeting has gone on too long, and instructed him to drop what he is doing and concentrate on something else "because it can't f------ wait". Watching him once on a mobile phone to Mr Blair, striding up and down and wagging his finger, I felt I was hallucinating: surely here was the Prime Minister issuing orders to an official rather than the other way round? He has allowed television cameras into his office to record a plainly startled Mr Blair stammering out his praises. He has even - at the time of the "Cheriegate" affair before Christmas - briefed against the Prime Minister's own wife. Not since the days of the Wars of the Roses has there been such an over-mighty subject at court.But experience tells us that there is almost no terrorist demand to which Mr Blair is unprepared to yield, in order to preserve the fragile peace in Northern Ireland. No wonder Sinn Fein/RA continues to step up its demands. It has been trained to do so by the Government.Confidence in personal and occupational schemes will have been severely damaged this weekend by news that the Government are considering abolishing higher-rate tax relief on pension contributionsMr. John Bercow (Buckingham): Given that the Chancellor has no objection in principle to ceding sovereignty over monetary policy to the European Central Bank, which we do not elect and cannot remove, and which, under the terms of the treaties, it would be illegal to seek to persuade to the view of the British Parliament, why does he think that, when he claims to believe that this country should retain control over tax and expenditure decisions, we should believe a word of what he says?Brian Cotter : Bearing in mind the fact that Axa Insurance has today announced that 210,000 small firms are operating without employer's liability, and therefore illegally, will the Minister ask the Department for Work and Pensions to carry out its review urgently, ensure that it covers issues such as competitive practices and consistency of cover, and ensure that firms are given proper notice when the insurance basis is to be changed?Valerie Davey (Bristol, West): Does the Minister not think it incongruous that Bristol university is being accused of bias against the independent sector, when 39 per cent. of its students come from independent schools? Margaret Hodge: I entirely agree with my hon. Friend, who represents the interests of all her constituents, and of Bristol university, admirably. I understand that 40 per cent. of entrants to Bristol university come from private schools, and in those circumstances it strikes me as difficult to accuse Bristol of positive discrimination against students from such schools.Angela Watkinson: The Chancellor of the Exchequer downgraded his economic growth predictions in his statement last autumn and again in April. Even his new figures are out of step with those of the Institute for Fiscal Studies. Why should we believe that he has got it right now?Andrew George (St. Ives): But what is the hurry? The public are at best suspicious, the science is not ready, the supermarkets say that they will not stock the stuff, and it would be a public relations disaster for farmers. Does the Minister agree that these decisions should be based on sound science, not quick, make-do or hasty science? Therefore, what reassurances can he give today that he is prepared to face down the GM and biotech lobby and the United States to ensure that we do not take a decision in haste that we repent at our leisure?When a habeas petitioner s claim has been adjudicated on the merits in state-court proceedings,28 U.S.C. 2254(d)forecloses relief unless the state court s adjudica- tion of the claim: (1)resulted in a decision that was contrary to,or involved an unreasonable application of,clearly es- tablished Federal law,as determined by the Supreme Court of the United States;or (2)resulted in a decision that was based on an un- reasonable determination of the facts in light of the evidence presented in the State court proceeding. The jury-coercion claim in respondent s habeas petition is the same claim rejected on the merits in his direct appeal to the state appellate court,and the Ninth Circuit cor- rectly recognized that 2254(d)was therefore applicable. It held that respondent had established that the decision of the Court of Appeal was contrary to established federal law for two,and possibly three,reasons.We think none of them correct.QUESTION:Can we go back to your statement?As I --as I understood it,it wasn't the omission of Fox, but the addition of your people.In other words,it wasn't the failure to give credit to respondents,but it was petitioner's taking credit for it that was what the lower courts thought was wrong. MR.GERBER:Taking the lower courts in ascending order,on page 53a of the cert petition,the language is that the court finds that defendant's failure to identify the television series and the book is misleading to the public.And then at the Ninth Circuit level,on page 3a of the petition,the language is that Dastar copied,et cetera,and marketed it without attribution to Fox. Neither court,Justice Ginsburg,examined Dastar's credits,affirmative credits,for accuracy,for whether they registered with the consumers,for misleadingness or falsity in any way.I would suggest that the record indeed is that it was the omission of credits for their competitors that was,in fact,the basis for the double award. QUESTION:This is a failure --this is a failure to attribute case then? MR.GERBER:Yes,it is,Your Honor. Our first and most sweeping point -- QUESTION:But may I just point out on 3a,it -- the quote --you left out the first clause I think. They --they labeled the --the resulting product with a different name and marketed it without attribution. MR.GERBER:Oh,yes.That's a reference to changing the title of the work.The entire phrase --and pardon my truncation of it --on page 3a is that Dastar copied substantially the entire Crusade in Europe series created by Twentieth Century Fox,labeled the resulting product with a different name,and marketed it without attribution.The name Dastar put on it,instead of Crusade in Europe,was World War II Campaigns in Europe. And you will,I believe,see that in neither opinion does either court take a look at the credits on Dastar's product and conclude that they were in any way misleading,nor does the court examine them at all. Our first --California's law extends  the time in which prosecution is allowed,authorizes prosecutions  that the passage of time has previously barred,and was enacted after  prior limitations periods for Stogner' s alleged offenses had expired.  Such features produce the kind of retroactivity that the Constitution  forbids.First,the law threatens the kinds of harm that the Clause  seeks to avoid,for the Clause protects liberty by preventing govern-  ments from enacting statutes with "manifestly unjust and oppressive"  retroactive effects.Calder v.Bull,3 Dall.386,391.Second,the law  falls literally within the categorical descriptions of ex post facto laws  that Justice Chase set forth more than 200 years ago in Calder v.  Bull,which this Court has recognized as an authoritative account of  the Clause's scope,Collins v.Youngblood,497 U.S.37,46.It falls  within the second category,which Justice Chase understood to in-  clude a new law that inflicts punishments where the party was not,  by law,liable to any punishment.Third,numerous legislators,  courts,and commentators have long believed it well settled that the  Clause forbids resurrection of a time-barred prosecution.The Recon-  struction Congress of 1867 rejected a bill that would have revived  time-barred treason prosecutions against Jefferson Davis and others,  passing instead a law extending unexpired limitations periods.  Roughly contemporaneous State Supreme Courts echoed the view  that laws reviving time-barred prosecutions are ex post facto.Even  courts that have upheld extensions of unexpired statutes of limita-  tions have consistently distinguished situations where the periods  have expired ,often using language that suggests a presumption that  reviving time-barred criminal cases is not allowed.The Bowers Court 's ini- tial substantive statement -"The issue presented is whether the Federal Constitution confers a fundamental right upon homosexuals to engage in sodomy ...," 478 U..S.,at 190 -discloses the Court 's failure to appreciate the extent of the liberty at stake.To say that the issue in Bowers was simply the right to engage in certain sexual conduct demeans the claim the individual put forward,just as it would demean a married couple were it said that marriage is just about the right to have sexual intercourse.Although the laws in- volved in Bowers and here purport to do not more than prohibit a particular sexual act,their penalties and purposes have more far- reaching consequences,touching upon the most private human con- duct,sexual behavior,and in the most private of places,the home. They seek to control a personal relationship that,whether or not en- titled to formal recognition in the law,is within the liberty of persons to choose without being punished as criminals. The liberty protected by the Constitution allows homosexual persons the right to choose to enter upon relationships in the confines of their homes and their own private lives and still retain their dignity as free persons.Pp.3 -6.What I have heard my Republican colleagues on the other side of the aisle say is that they need more time to look at this. It is seven pages long. We have been at this now for well over, I think, 2 weeks and, really, one page a day certainly can be read.Mr. ROCKEFELLER. Mr. President, I am sincerely disappointed about the placing of an anonymous hold on S. 2043, the ``Veterans Long-Term Care and Medical Programs Enhancement Act of 2002.'' There is no apparent reason why this important piece of legislation should be held up at this time. It was developed in a bipartisan manner and encompasses many vital pieces of legislation from both sides of the aisle.Mr. President, many Senators feel that they are under great pressure Do those who believe that the Presi-dent- whatever party he is, Democrat or Republican-do those who believe that he is king under our Constitu-tion- apparently some Senators here vote as though they think the Presi-dent is king, although they know bet-ter than that. But still they believe they have to follow the President's di-rection. The President did not bring any of us here. The President did not elect any of the Members of this body. This is an independent body. This is an inde-pendent branch of Government. This is a separate branch of Government. No President elects any Member of this body. The President is just the Chief Executive of the land. I say ''just.'' It is a tremendous office, of course, with great power, but he is no king. And we are not sent here by our people to let the President or the White House or any party control us or dictate to us.The evidence shows there is no reasonable case for such exemptions. The environmental laws already allow the Department of Defense to apply for exemptions on a case-by-case basis if they really need it. Both the GAO and EPA Administrator Whitman have testified that environmental laws have not affected military readiness. There is no evidence that the military has ever been refused an exemption from laws that were necessary and that they sought it.It is crucial that this specialized form of bankruptcy relief for family farmers not be allowed to sunset for two fundamental reasons. First, family farmers, absent chapter 12, would be forced to file for bankruptcy relief under the Bankruptcy Code's other al-ternatives, none of which work as well for them as does chapter 12. Chapter VII of the Bankruptcy Code, for instance, would require a farmer to liquidate; that is, sell the family farm to pay the claims of the farmer's credi-tors. Many farmers would be precluded from choosing bankruptcy relief under chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code be-cause of its restrictive eligibility standards. Furthermore, Chapter XI, the Bankruptcy Code's business reorga-nization alternative, is not farmer-friendly in various respects, as it often entails an expensive and time-con-suming process that does not readily accommodate the special needs of farmers. Second, recent statistics dem-onstrate that there is not only a con-tinuing need for chapter 12, but that this need is apparently increasing. Ac-cording to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, chapter 12 bankruptcy filings jumped by more than 62 percent over the past year. I in-troduced H.R. 2465 to extend chapter 12 for an additional 6 months through De-cember 31, 2003, and thereby maintain the status quo while the Congress com-pletes its consideration of comprehen-sive bankruptcy reform.Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, today the House will be considering legisla-tion that would allow for the importa-tion of prescription drugs from foreign lands, H.R. 2427. The supporters of this bill will tell us that this legislation will give millions of Americans access to safe, cheap drugs from foreign coun-tries. I believe them to be wrong. In-stead, this bill will only serve to under-cut important safety protections and place foreign price controls on Amer-ican businesses. We are all concerned about the cost of prescription drugs, but this bill is not the way to go about holding down prices. This bill is not about free trade. In other industries, we do not permit the imposition of foreign price controls on American businesses, and we should not in this case, either.At times it seemed as if Ms. Whitman had been appointed merely to make the Bush administration seem more interested in the environment, or at least in traditional environmentalist solutions, than it was. Yet if she really disagreed with some of the decisions, it seems strange that Ms. Whitman stayed in her job as long as she did.the problems here flow out of its having tried to proceed according to the most universally accepted standards available to it. Consider the current flap over whether Mr. Moussaoui can depose Ramzi Binalshibh -- one of the alleged organizers of the 9/11 attacks, who was captured and is being interrogated at an undisclosed location abroad. The Sixth Amendment makes clear that "the accused shall enjoy the right . . . to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor." And Mr. Binalshibh's testimony, the defense argues, would lessen a jury's sense of Mr. Moussaoui's culpability and make it less inclined to impose the death penalty. Under normal circumstances, there would be no question that the defense could have access to such a witness -- nor, constitutionally speaking, should there be such question now. The Constitution's language is absolute, after all, and admits no national security exception. Fair-trial rights in American courts cannot be contingent on other governmental interests, even pressing ones. That said, the government's other interests here are very real. Mr. Moussaoui is representing himself, meaning that he would personally talk to a terrorist confederate in any deposition. It isn't unreasonable for the government to regard this as an unacceptable riskUniversities typically operate for slightly more than half the year -- generally two 14-week semesters. And aside from some summer-school programs, we barely use our facilities at all for three months of the year. This practice, it seems to me, wastes time that we could use for instruction, undervalues our facilities, which stand idle, and costs us money, because we could actually enroll more students and earn more tuitions if we operated more of the year.The Prime Minister's senior drug policy adviser, Major Brian Watters, has proposed new laws that would see drug addicts locked up against their will - a sort of forced cold turkey. As someone who has watched several close friends struggle with heroin addiction, I have to ask: what is Watters thinking? His suggestion is disturbing, unworkable and potentially dangerous. Drug workers talk about a "circuit-breaker", the event that triggers a person's decision to quit - a long-suffering partner walking out, a valued job being lost. The addict realises what they stand to lose if they don't stop using. This realisation is an internal one: the decision to quit drugs cannot be enforced from the outside. Addiction means the person has lost control over their drug use. The addiction cannot be "cured" by reducing still further that person's control over their own lives and circumstances, as Watters is suggesting. Locking up addicts against their will would not only violate their rights; it would be likely to prove counter-productive. Sure, you might be able to physically clear drugs from a person's system with the aid of a solid door and a deadlock, but what are the emotional consequences of forcing them to endure an involuntary and painful drug withdrawal, without being psychologically prepared, or even willing, to do so? Has Watters considered what would happen once they were released? People use drugs to block out painful underlying problems, and those problems won't dissolve after a mandatory drying-out period. The newly "clean" addict may also feel violated, traumatised and betrayed by their detention: an excellent emotional recipe for getting straight back on the gear again. Families of drug addicts know that addiction chips away at healthy relationships. When drugs take over as a priority, the user becomes increasingly isolated from those around them - partners, siblings, parents, employers. Even supportive friends can find themselves shut out. Drug buddies are always there, but it becomes very difficult to maintain relationships outside the drug culture. The resulting social isolation often triggers more drug use. But forcibly locking up addicts could do further serious harm to these relationships. However much they want to help, if your loved ones have conspired to have you thrown in the slammer against your will - and many addicts will see it that way - you're hardly going to pop round to their place for a cuppa and a chat when you get out. Broken trust is not an easy thing to mend.1. Every literature major must take a course in Shakespeare. John has taken the Shakespeare course; therefore, he must be a literature major. 2. All the finalists were flown to Houston. From there they went to Galveston for the banquet and presentation of awards. Jay was a finalist, so he must have gone to Galveston.Just as I am required to pay to meet emission standards on my car all oil companies must be forced to pay for double hull tankers immediately. Dave Tooker, USAThe material parts of this response can be summarised as follows: i. Hamdi's detention is lawful since he has been seized by the military and is detained as an enemy combatant; ii. there is no obligation under the law and customs of war for captors to charge combatants with an offence; iii. prisoners of war have no right to counsel; iv. the military has properly determined that Hamdi was an enemy combatant, "the executives' determination that someone is an enemy combatant and should be detained as such [being] one of the most fundamental military judgments of all", v. the sworn declaration explaining the military's determination readily satisfies any constitutionally appropriate standard of judicial review. Thus, in essence, the submission is that the war on terrorism is at least the equivalent to a conventional war, the military's judgment as to who is an enemy combatant should be upheld, and the rights available to citizens in relation to ordinary criminal prosecutions, e.g. the right to counsel, and the right to be brought before a court and charged within a reasonable time, are inapplicable.Planning permission for the bypass was granted by the Devon County Council in November 1999. In July 2000, the present orders were made under the Highways Act 1980 for the bridge and side roads, and under the Acquisition of Land Act 1981 for the compulsory purchase of land needed for the scheme. There were no statutory objections (that is, from owners of interests directly affected), but nine non-statutory objections. There was a public inquiry, which lasted five days in June 2001. The inspector's report (submitted in October 2001) ran to 61 pages, and dealt in detail with the many issues which had been raised. He was satisfied that there was a need for the bypass. He accepted the authority's case that Barnstaple suffered from "acute traffic congestion", which was a "restriction on the economic growth of the area", and that the proposed bypass was the only satisfactory solution. He rejected objections based on a number of grounds, including inadequacy of the authority's Economic Impact Study and Environmental Assessment, incompatibility with EC Directives, and adverse effects on public safety. Overall, he found that the "cumulative weight" of the arguments pointed to a "clear conclusion" in favour of the Council's case, and recommended confirmation of the orders. The Secretary of State generally accepted the inspector's conclusions and recommendations.POLITICAL acumen is about setting the political agenda. Going by this token, the Congress has lost in Gujarat, whatever the outcome of the December 12 election in that state. It has allowed the vituperative eloquence of Narendra Modi and Company to seep into its consciousness and cause it to second-guess its opponent, tread warily, speak in whispers. It has allowed itself to be spooked into submission, into donning elaborate masks and disguises. This is obvious in the public pronouncements of its leaders, in the poll strategies of its candidates, and - most of all - in the election manifesto the party released last week.But the public has never been allowed in jury rooms, and with good reason. Jurors are not government officials, and do not perform a representational function. Being a juror is more akin to voting, a civic duty that occurs in private. Like voters in an exit poll, jurors ought to be free to speak afterward about their deliberations, but they are not obligated to. Televising jury deliberations will skew the composition of juries by removing people who do not want to reach a verdict - and in this case, possibly impose the death penalty - on a public stage. So far at least 14 out of 110 prospective jurors in Mr. Harrison's case have been excused for reasons related to the presence of cameras. These jurors may be precisely the ones best suited to serve. Allowing cameras in the jury room would also harm the deliberative process. Jurors, especially less educated and articulate ones, may be wary of speaking out if they know they are being judged by an audience at home. They may be more reluctant to question the credibility of a witness, or to take an unpopular stand, like holding out for an acquittal, or against the death penalty. It is no answer that, at least in this case, the defendant's lawyers have agreed to the process. A defendant's lawyers cannot waive his right to a trial that conforms with the Constitution. And in any case, society as a whole has an interest in the justice system operating fairly.For another thing,as JUSTICE STEVENS and I have previously pointed out,the combination of uncertainty of execution and long delay is arguably "cruel". This Court has recognized that such a combination can inflict "horrible feelings " and "an immense mental anxiety amounting to a great increase of the offender's punishment". In re Medley ,134 U.S.160,172 (1890); see also Furman v. Georgia ,408 U.S 238,288-289 (1972)(per curiam) (BRENNAN,J.,concurring)("[T ]he prospect of pending execution exacts a frightful toll "). Courts of other nations have found that delays of 15 years or less can render capital punishment degrading,shocking,or cruel. E.g., Pratt v. Attorney General for Jamaica ,[1994 ] 2 A..C.1,29, 33,4 All E.R.769,783,786 (P.C.1993)(en banc)(U.K. Privy Council);Soering v .United Kingdom ,11 Eur.Ct. H.R.(ser.A), pp.439,478,111 (1989)(European Court of Human Rights). See Knight ,supra ,at 995-996. Consistent with these determinations, the Supreme Court of Canada recently held that the potential for lengthy incarceration before execution is "a relevant consideration" when determining whether extradition to the United States violates principles of "fundamental justice". United States v. Burns ,[2001]1 S.C.R.283,353,123.As logical as the poverty-breeds-terrorism argument may seem, study after study shows that suicide attackers and their supporters are rarely ignorant or impoverished. Nor are they crazed, cowardly, apathetic or asocial. If terrorist groups relied on such maladjusted people, "they couldn't produce effective and reliable killers," according to Todd Stewart, a retired Air Force general who directs the Ohio State University program in international and domestic security. In the suicide bombing of a cafe in Tel Aviv last week that killed three bystanders, for instance, the bomber and the man accused of being his accomplice grew up in Britain, in relatively prosperous circumstances, and attended college. The Princeton economist Alan Krueger and others released a study in 2002 comparing Lebanese Hezbollah militants who died in violent action to other Lebanese of the same age group. He found that the Hezbollah members were less likely to come from poor homes and more likely to have a secondary school education. Nasra Hassan, a Pakistani relief worker, interviewed nearly 250 aspiring Palestinian suicide bombers and their recruiters. "None were uneducated, desperately poor, simple-minded or depressed," she reported in 2001. "They all seemed to be entirely normal members of their families." A 2001 poll by the nonprofit Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research indicated that Palestinian adults with 12 years or more of education are far more likely to support bomb attacks than those who cannot read. Officials with the Army Defense Intelligence Agency who have interrogated Saudi-born members of Al Qaeda being detained at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have told me that these fundamentalists, especially those in leadership positions, are often educated above reasonable employment level; a surprising number have graduate degrees and come from high-status families. Their motivation and commitment are evident in their willingness to sacrifice material and emotional comforts (families, jobs, physical security), to travel long distances and to pay their own way.Accordingly,ATF,upon receipt of respondent's petition, returned it, explaining that "since October 1992, ATF's annual appropriation has prohibited the expending of any funds to investigate or act upon applications for relief from Federal firearms disabilities." App.33-34. Respondent contends that ATF's failure to act constitutes a "denial" within the meaning of 925(c), and that, therefore, district courts have jurisdiction to review such inaction.Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.The Bowers Court's initial substantive statement -"The issue presented is whether the  Federal Constitution confers a fundamental right upon homosexuals  to engage in sodomy ...," 478 U..S.,at 190 -discloses the Court's  failure to appreciate the extent of the liberty at stake.To say that  the issue in Bowers was simply the right to engage in certain sexual  conduct demeans the claim the individual put forward,just as it  would demean a married couple were it said that marriage is just  about the right to have sexual intercourse.Although the laws involved in Bowers and here purport to do not more than prohibit a  particular sexual act,their penalties and purposes have more far-reaching consequences,touching upon the most private human conduct,sexual behavior,and in the most private of places,the home.  They seek to control a personal relationship that,whether or not entitled to formal recognition in the law,is within the liberty of persons  to choose without being punished as criminals.  The liberty protected  by the Constitution allows homosexual persons the right to choose to  enter upon relationships in the confines of their homes and their own  private lives and still retain their dignity as free persons.Pp.3 -6.The banks are winning in their campaign to cut their costs by changing the way we handle money and pay our bills.  They are keeping us out of their branches, killing off the cheque, moving us onto the internet, making money less tangible and pushing us towards the cashless economy.There have been no claims of responsibility for the Bali bombings. But some of the methods used in the blasts indicate that they are the work of an international terrorist group, not just local Islamic radicals. For example, the bomb used in the nightclub attack was reportedly made from a military plastic explosive similar to the one used in the attack on the USS Cole in Yemen two years ago.Lest there be any misunderstanding one point should be clarified at the outset. Considered as a matter of social policy, there are arguments in favour of answering this question yes, and arguments in favour of answering no. It may be said that the loss should fall on the person who chooses to keep an animal which is known to be dangerous in some circumstances. He is aware of the risks involved, and he should bear the risks. On the other hand, it can be said that, negligence apart, everyone must take the risks associated with the ordinary characteristics of animals commonly kept in this country. These risks are part of the normal give and take of life in this country.Mr. ROCKEFELLER. Mr. President, I am sincerely disappointed about An anonymous hold has been placed on S. 2043, the "Veterans Long-Term Care and Medical Programs Enhancement Act of 2002." There is no apparent reason why this important piece of legislation should be held up at this time. S. 2043 was developed in a bipartisan manner and S. 2043 encompasses many vital pieces of legislation from both sides of the aisleHe must wait for the monsoon to set in before he gets so uppity about what economists can do for him. He will need all their creativity to explain away rising inflation and a subdued capital market. This is a good budget, but it is based on a gamble. If the gamble works, Singh can still hope to get that widely coveted prize that eluded Yashwant Sinha for five years, the global Best Finance Minister award. But if growth remains below par - by which I mean below 6.0 per cent - and inflation moves upwards, Singh will see all this praise melt away. Nothing angers the middle class more than inflation and that is a threat a Singh tenure at the fisc certainly faces. It will also dampen demand that Singh so desperately needs to make his strategy click.Still, it is possible that, should war erupt in Iraq, American and British forces might fall foul of, for example, the provision of the ICC treaty outlawing attacks on military targets that cause "clearly excessive" harm to civilians. That is especially so if they do not learn lessons from recent wars and take corrective steps.   The weapon most likely to produce such harm is the cluster bomb. A typical cluster bomb is a container that opens in mid-air and scatters up to 200 bomblets over an area the size of half a soccer field. Even in their new, "wind-corrected" form, cluster bombs are not precision weapons. If used where civilians are present, the size of the area they attack and the difficulty of directing them reliably mean that civilian casualties - sometimes substantial casualties - are foreseeable. A court conceivably could find that the use of cluster bombs in such circumstances is a war crime.The recharging of ground water should be taken care of because pumping ground water indiscriminately without recharging is creating havoc. The water level is reducing day by day. When the water table comes down, it affects the drinking water and tubewells get dislodged.The majority of the Court of Appeal, Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR and Longmore LJ, considered there had been no contempt. In the minority, Simon Brown LJ, would have upheld the judgment of Silber J. So, by a majority of two to one, the decision of Silber J was set aside.For example, just last week the subject of Thursday's hearing in the Committee on Armed Services was a proposal from the administration to exempt the De-partment of Defense from five key en-vironmental laws from the Clean Air Act to the Endangered Species Act. These laws not only protect endan-gered species and eco-systems, they protect the health of people living on and around military bases. If the ex-emptions were granted, American tax-payers and State and local govern-ments would bear the burden of clean-up costs and face public health risks from toxic contamination resulting from military operations. The evidence shows there is no reasonable case for such exemptions. The environmental laws already allow the Department of Defense to apply for exemptions on a case-by-case basis if they really need it. Both the GAO and EPA Adminis- trator Whitman have testified that en-vironmental laws have not affected military readiness. There is no evi-dence that the military has ever been refused an exemption from laws that were necessary and that they sought it.Consistently with the doctrine of original sin, it is common among Christians to believe that if we are justified, it is by faith in Jesus. Since we are all sinners, we cannot earn salvation by our works. But we can be forgiven and treated as if we were righteous. The mark of our having been forgiven is that God, by an act of grace, gives us faith. 20. This doctrine has implications I find appalling. It implies that those among us who lack faith in Jesus have not received grace, have not been forgiven, and will, if we continue in that state, go to Hell. So the doctrine of justification by faith, which has strong support in the Christian scriptures, leads inevitably to exclusivism, to the idea that all who reject Christian doctrine must be damned, no matter how good they may be, by ordinary standards. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley03.htmlConfidence in personal and occupational schemes will have been severely damaged this weekend by news that the Government are considering abolishing higher-rate tax relief on pension contributionsIt is the very fact that these people are a fringe minority with no capacity to overthrow the government that makes them all the more dangerous. Their impotence frustrates them and makes them want to carry out the type of attacks that rocked Gauteng this week. The worst mistake, therefore, will be to write them off and giggle at their anticsWe also drafted a procedure for dealing with judges who flouted the code. This, too, was accepted. But no statutory base has yet been accorded to the code, despite representations to the government. The need for a mandatory code of conduct is felt when one weighs the latest allegations of judicial misconduct: Three Karnataka HC judges, accompanied by women, get into a brawl in a Mysore wayside eatery. A Rajasthan HC judge and a court staffer offer to settle a litigant's case if she "obliges" them. Three Punjab & Haryana HC judges use their clout to get their nominees selected by Punjab Public Service Commission ex-chief and scam-accused Ravi Sidhu. A drunk Madhya Pradesh HC judge uses foul language in an exclusive club in Bhopal. A Rajasthan HC judge (since transferred) sexually molests a male constableCalifornia's law extends the time in which prosecution is allowed, California's law authorizes prosecutions that the passage of time has previously barred, and California's law was enacted after prior limitations periods for Stogner's alleged offenses had expired. Such features produce the kind of retroactivity that the Constitution forbids. First, the law threatens the kinds of harm that the Clause (of the Constitution) seeks to avoid, for the Clause protects liberty by preventing governments from enacting statutes with "manifestly unjust and oppressive" retroactive effects. Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 386, 391. Second, the law falls literally within the categorical descriptions of ex post facto laws that Justice Chase set forth more than 200 years ago in Calder v. BullSpeaking of Vietnam, you spoke to Congress in 1971, after you came back from Vietnam, and you said, quote, "How do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake?" Are Americans now dying in Iraq for a mistake? http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlSo this is my 'Problem of Muhammad', or 'Problem of Islam'. If we were to take a look at Arabia before and after the coming of Muhammad, we would see two completely different societies. Now, something has to accomodate for this. Not even did the blessed Biblical prophets, nor Jesus himself change the behavior of a people so steeped in immorality and idolatry. So, if Muhammad exhibited such outstanding moral characteristics that those who were not close to him would come to believe that he was always a trustworthy and honourable person, and that they would have no reason to disbelieve in his claim of Divine Revelation. But, what is different between Muhammad and other perported figures who claimed Divine Revelation, were those who were closest to him. They as well, believed with all their hearts that this man, whom they slept with, whom they ate with and whom they fought with, was in fact recieving Revelation from GOD. They knew because of his outstanding moral character, and from his trustworthy personality"How can he stop him?" The tone of helplessness says it all. Mr Campbell exercises an extraordinary psychological dominance over the Prime Minister. It seems he can get away with anything. He has called him "a prat" in front of one witness, has told him to "get a f------ move on" when he believes a meeting has gone on too long, and instructed him to drop what he is doing and concentrate on something else "because it can't f------ wait".  Watching him once on a mobile phone to Mr Blair, striding up and down and wagging his finger, I felt I was hallucinating: surely here was the Prime Minister issuing orders to an official rather than the other way round? He has allowed television cameras into his office to record a plainly startled Mr Blair stammering out his praises. He has even - at the time of the "Cheriegate" affair before Christmas - briefed against the Prime Minister's own wife. Not since the days of the Wars of the Roses has there been such an over-mighty subject at court.Just as I am required to pay to meet emission standards on my car all oil companies must be forced to pay for double hull tankers immediately.   Dave Tooker, USALook at the figures: 121 Labour MPs, 13 Tories (including Mr Clarke) and 52 Liberal Democrats voted for an amendment declaring the case against Saddam Hussein as yet unproven. A total of 199 MPs voted against early military action, while 393 voted for war. But if fewer than 100 of the 125 Tories who backed Mr Blair had instead voted with Mr Clarke, the Prime Minister would have lost.  So the Tories, amazingly, can still make a difference.Authorities in South Africa said Sir Mark was planning to leave the country when he was arrested at his Cape Town home. Yesterday a spokesman for the National Prosecuting Authority, said "The house was on the market, he had disposed of some of the cars, and there were suiticases around the house which indicated they were planning to leave. He did confirm he was planning to relocate to Texas. ("Thatcher "was about to flee South Africa"", The Courier, Friday, August 27,2004, p. 2)There were two factors that inspired the Jefferson State concept. The first being that tax money generated in these isolated regions of both states never came back to improve, or build, badly need roads. Most of the so-called highways in these areas at the time became mud holes in the winters and dust bowls during the summer months. Many of the roads resembled mountain trails barely fit for mountain goats. These northern areas of California and southern Oregon were being taxed on the products they produced from their renewable natural resources-the timber, agriculture and mining industries-and receiving no benefits to build better roads from the tax dollars they were obligated to pay. The other reason this movement transpired related to a circumstance that still exists today. The dense metropolitan areas of northern Oregon and the southern areas of our state had a tendency to dictate their political agenda to those residing in the proposed Jefferson State counties and legislators in both state capitols would pass regulatory mandates and legislative laws that most of the citizens in these regions believed to be unwarranted and unnecessary. http://www.jeffersonstate.com/articles/ronparker.htmlBrian Cotter : Bearing in mind the fact that Axa Insurance has today announced that 210,000 small firms are operating without employer\'s liability, and therefore illegally, will the Minister ask the Department for Work and Pensions to carry out its review urgently, ensure that it covers issues such as competitive practices and consistency of cover, and ensure that firms are given proper notice when the insurance basis is to be changed?Tayside police's efforts to open desks in rural offices have stalled because the Post Office is asking far too much money. chief Constable John vine turned up the pressure on the organization yesterday by saying that, if it did not lower its demands, the force would pursue alternatives by trying to rent space in other village buildings ("Police unhappy at PO demands", The Courier, n. 47138, Friday, Agoust 27, 2004, p. 1)Sean must have already left the University. I can' t see his car in the parking lot (Rigotti, Rocci, Describing Monological and dialogical argumentation withing a Connective predicates approach, p. 5)I have been voting since 1964 and at one time worked for my chosen party. I have always believed it is my duty to vote and have rarely missed the opportunity to do so. On this occasion, however, I shall not vote for any individual or party but will spoil my paper. Why? I believe nationally this government holds us in contempt, and locally I have received no information at all on any of the candidates so it appears they don't much care either. Barbara, UKOf course it matters if WMD are found. The reason given for invading Iraq now was because they were an imminent threat because of their weapons of mass destruction. If it is found that the Bush administration lied and that Iraq wasn't an imminent threat to the US, Bush should step down. It's the least he could do to try amend for the loss of US lives, British lives, Iraqi lives and others. Mike, USThe Prime Minister's senior drug policy adviser, Major Brian Watters, has proposed new laws that would see drug addicts locked up against their will - a sort of forced cold turkey.  As someone who has watched several close friends struggle with heroin addiction, I have to ask: what is Watters thinking? His suggestion is disturbing, unworkable and potentially dangerous.  Drug workers talk about a "circuit-breaker", the event that triggers a person's decision to quit - a long-suffering partner walking out, a valued job being lost. The addict realises what they stand to lose if they don't stop using.  This realisation is an internal one: the decision to quit drugs cannot be enforced from the outside. Addiction means the person has lost control over their drug use. The addiction cannot be "cured" by reducing still further that person's control over their own lives and circumstances, as Watters is suggesting.    Locking up addicts against their will would not only violate their rights; it would be likely to prove counter-productive. Sure, you might be able to physically clear drugs from a person's system with the aid of a solid door and a deadlock, but what are the emotional consequences of forcing them to endure an involuntary and painful drug withdrawal, without being psychologically prepared, or even willing, to do so?    Has Watters considered what would happen once they were released? People use drugs to block out painful underlying problems, and those problems won't dissolve after a mandatory drying-out period. The newly "clean" addict may also feel violated, traumatised and betrayed by their detention: an excellent emotional recipe for getting straight back on the gear again.  Families of drug addicts know that addiction chips away at healthy relationships. When drugs take over as a priority, the user becomes increasingly isolated from those around them - partners, siblings, parents, employers. Even supportive friends can find themselves shut out. Drug buddies are always there, but it becomes very difficult to maintain relationships outside the drug culture. The resulting social isolation often triggers more drug use.  But forcibly locking up addicts could do further serious harm to these relationships. However much they want to help, if your loved ones have conspired to have you thrown in the slammer against your will - and many addicts will see it that way - you're hardly going to pop round to their place for a cuppa and a chat when you get out. Broken trust is not an easy thing to mend.The Prime Minister's senior drug policy adviser, Major Brian Watters, has proposed new laws that would see drug addicts locked up against their will - a sort of forced cold turkey.  As someone who has watched several close friends struggle with heroin addiction, I have to ask: what is Watters thinking? His suggestion is disturbing, unworkable and potentially dangerous.  Drug workers talk about a "circuit-breaker", the event that triggers a person's decision to quit - a long-suffering partner walking out, a valued job being lost. The addict realises what they stand to lose if they don't stop using.  This realisation is an internal one: the decision to quit drugs cannot be enforced from the outside. Addiction means the person has lost control over their drug use. The addiction cannot be "cured" by reducing still further that person's control over their own lives and circumstances, as Watters is suggesting.    Locking up addicts against their will would not only violate their rights; it would be likely to prove counter-productive. Sure, you might be able to physically clear drugs from a person's system with the aid of a solid door and a deadlock, but what are the emotional consequences of forcing them to endure an involuntary and painful drug withdrawal, without being psychologically prepared, or even willing, to do so?    Has Watters considered what would happen once they were released? People use drugs to block out painful underlying problems, and those problems won't dissolve after a mandatory drying-out period. The newly "clean" addict may also feel violated, traumatised and betrayed by their detention: an excellent emotional recipe for getting straight back on the gear again.  Families of drug addicts know that addiction chips away at healthy relationships. When drugs take over as a priority, the user becomes increasingly isolated from those around them - partners, siblings, parents, employers. Even supportive friends can find themselves shut out. Drug buddies are always there, but it becomes very difficult to maintain relationships outside the drug culture. The resulting social isolation often triggers more drug use.  But forcibly locking up addicts could do further serious harm to these relationships. However much they want to help, if your loved ones have conspired to have you thrown in the slammer against your will - and many addicts will see it that way - you're hardly going to pop round to their place for a cuppa and a chat when you get out. Broken trust is not an easy thing to mend.As much as I am saddened by the death of many of the hostages, the use of the gas was clearly the right decision. If it were not for the timely intervention and the numbing of the terrorists by the gas, all 800+ hostages would be dead.The president just said the FBI had changed its culture. We just read on the front pages of America's papers that there are over 100,000 hours of tapes, unlistened to. On one of those tapes may be the enemy being right the next time. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlAlexander Downer has derided the line of suspicion as "silly", but surely some in his entourage - as he did the rounds of Indonesian military and police chiefs in Jakarta yesterday to discuss the Bali bombing - might have wondered how clean were some of the hands they were shaking. There is a long history of political manipulators within the Indonesian armed forces, or TNI, playing with the fire of Islamic extremism and staging incidents of terrorism, as well as the institution itself carrying out state terror as in Aceh, Ambon and East Timor - directly or through militia proxies.We can create all the legal issues, laws and strict gun control we want. But if someone wants to kill, they could kill someone with a pen, pencil, knife, baseball bat or even a sling shot. So are we going to make it illegal for everything we can think of that might kill.   Musa , USAValerie Davey (Bristol, West): Does the Minister not think it incongruous that Bristol university is being accused of bias against the independent sector, when 39 per cent. of its students come from independent schools?   Margaret Hodge: I entirely agree with my hon. Friend, who represents the interests of all her constituents, and of Bristol university, admirably. I understand that 40 per cent. of entrants to Bristol university come from private schools, and in those circumstances it strikes me as difficult to accuse Bristol of positive discrimination against students from such schools.Mr. John Bercow (Buckingham): Given that the Chancellor has no objection in principle to ceding sovereignty over monetary policy to the European Central Bank, which we do not elect and cannot remove, and which, under the terms of the treaties, it would be illegal to seek to persuade to the view of the British Parliament, why does he think that, when he claims to believe that this country should retain control over tax and expenditure decisions, we should believe a word of what he says?Robert Doyle is clearly the underdog and it is going to be a very tough fight but "I will give him all the help he asks for", the PM declared from Alice Springs on Monday. For Howard, Victoria is a no-lose situation. Doyle is not expected to win, so his defeat would be no skin off the prime ministerial nose. But if Doyle did better than expected, Howard, who is soaring high, would receive some credit.But I also laid out a very strict series of things we needed to do in order to proceed from a position of strength. Then the president, in fact, promised them. He went to Cincinnati and he gave a speech in which he said, "We will plan carefully. We will proceed cautiously. We will not make war inevitable. We will go with our allies." He didn't do any of those things. They didn't do the planning. They left the planning of the State Department in the State Department desks. They avoided even the advice of their own general. General Shinsheki, the Army chief of staff, said you're going to need several hundred thousand troops. Instead of listening to him, they retired him. The terrorism czar, who has worked for every president since Ronald Reagan, said, "Invading Iraq in response to 9/11 would be like Franklin Roosevelt invading Mexico in response to Pearl Harbor." That's what we have here. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlThe president just said the FBI had changed its culture. We just read on the front pages of America's papers that there are over 100,000 hours of tapes, unlistened to. On one of those tapes may be the enemy being right the next time.But experience tells us that there is almost no terrorist demand to which Mr Blair is unprepared to yield, in order to preserve the fragile peace in Northern Ireland. No wonder Sinn Fein/RA continues to step up its demands. It has been trained to do so by the Government."RE: Does the Priest Scandal Reveal the Beast?" In response to Reply #0    no but it does reveal the beast under some priests. The priests scandals cannot be taken as representing the whole church without taking into account the good doen by the church and sponsored by the church worldwide, Catholic charities, hospitals, schools in most of the poorest countries in the world. Mother theresa and people likes her more than make up for the bad doen by a small minority(blown out of proportion by the media and anti-catholics) Having said this those that did wrong should and will face judgement in this life or the next.   Richard LambSo let's look at my first major contention together, that there are no good reasons to think that atheism is true. Atheism, or the claim that there is no God, is just as much a claim to know something as is theism, the claim that God does exist. Therefore, if the atheist is to prove his view, he must do more than say, "There's no good evidence for God's existence." He must present positive evidence against God's existence. Atheist philosophers have tried for centuries to disprove the existence of God, but no one has been able to come up with a convincing argument. So rather than attack straw men at this point, I'll just wait to hear Dr. Washington's answer to the following question: "What is the evidence that atheism is true?" http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlUsing your logic it would be a waste if she aborts this child at 8.5 months. You previously said a child should not be killed because of sunk cost. 8.5 months of pregnacy for some women can be a high cost, for her to abort at this time it would be "a waste" so she shouldn't do it. The material parts of this response can be summarised as follows:       i. Hamdi's detention is lawful since he has been seized by the military and is detained as an enemy combatant;       ii. there is no obligation under the law and customs of war for captors to charge combatants with an offence;       iii. prisoners of war have no right to counsel;       iv. the military has properly determined that Hamdi was an enemy combatant, "the executives' determination that someone is an enemy combatant and should be detained as such [being] one of the most fundamental military judgments of all",       v. the sworn declaration explaining the military's determination readily satisfies any constitutionally appropriate standard of judicial review.     Thus, in essence, the submission is that the war on terrorism is at least the equivalent to a conventional war, the military's judgment as to who is an enemy combatant should be upheld, and the rights available to citizens in relation to ordinary criminal prosecutions, e.g. the right to counsel, and the right to be brought before a court and charged within a reasonable time, are inapplicable.Therefore, the series of past events can't go back forever; rather the universe must have begun to exist. This conclusion has been confirmed by a series of remarkable discoveries in astronomy and astrophysics. The astrophysical evidence indicates the universe began to exist in a cataclysmic explosion known as the Big Bang 15 billion years ago. Physical space and time were created in that event, as well as all the matter and energy in the universe. Therefore, as the Cambridge astronomer Fred Hoyle points out, the Big Bang theory requires the creation of the universe from nothing. This is because, as you go back in time, you reach a point at which, in Hoyle's words, the universe was "shrunk down to nothing at all."{6} Thus, what the Big Bang model requires is that the universe began to exist and was created out of nothing. http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.html1. The police were first alerted that something out of the ordinary had occurred when they received a telephone call from the appellant. The call was logged at 3.36 a.m. but there was evidence that made clear that it must have been at least 10 minutes earlier. The caller was the appellant and having given his name and address he said:   "You've got to help me. My father has rang me and said "Please come over. Your sister has gone crazy and has got the gun." Then the line went dead."  He went on to say that his sister had a history of psychiatric illness and he confirmed that there were guns at his father's house, which was White House Farm, Tolleshunt D'Arcy in Essex. The telephonist contacted the Police Information Room and a police car was despatched to the father's address. The appellant was asked to meet the police there.  2. When the police attended at the farm, they were joined by the appellant. There was no sound from the farm save for the barking of a dog and fearing that they might be in a hostage situation the police decided to wait until daylight. At about 7.45 a.m., armed officers entered the farm and found all 5 occupants dead from gunshot wounds. Mr. Bamber lay dead in the kitchen, his wife was dead on the floor in her bedroom, the boys were dead in their bed and Sheila Caffell was lying on the floor of the same room as her mother. Across her chest and pointing up at her neck, through which the wounds that had killed her had been fired, was the rifle used to shoot all five members of the family. Beside her body lay a Bible. The scene certainly gave the appearance that Sheila Caffell had shot herself, and the likelihood that this was the case was reinforced by information given to the police by the appellant.Predestination. Dr. Curley presents the following argument: 1. Predestination is incompatible with God's love and justice. 2. Predestination is taught in the Bible. 3. Therefore, the God of the Bible does not exist. 6. Now I agree with his first premise, but I deny the second, that predestination, as he defines it, is taught in the Bible. On the contrary, I think that the Bible teaches that it is God's will that every single person be saved. II Peter 3:9 states, "God is not willing that any should perish, but that all should reach repentance." And I Timothy 2:4 says, "God, our Savior, desires all persons to be saved and to come to a knowledge of the truth." So God's will is that everyone be saved, and the only obstacle to His will coming true is human freedom. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley04.htmlDr. Curley presents the following argument: 1. Minor sins do not deserve eternal punishment. 2. The Bible teaches that God will eternally punish minor sins. 3. Therefore, the God of the Bible does not exist. 9. Now in this argument I think that both of those premises are false. But time only allows me to deal with the second. With regard to the second premise, it is far from obvious that the Bible teaches eternal punishment for minor sins. Rather, what separates us from God forever is the sin of freely rejecting God out of our lives. This is a sin of infinite gravity and proportion, since it is the creature's free decision to reject God Himself. Admittedly, Dr. Curley's Calvinism has no room for this sort of sin. But on a biblical view, it is not so much God, as creatures themselves, who determine their eternal destiny. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley04.htmlThis maniac has got what he deserves. I believe that a long term prison sentence, with hard labour would have been more appropriate though. His death will be quick and humane, unlike the lifetime of suffering yet to be endured by the relatives of his victims.   Heather W, UKPlanning permission for the bypass was granted by the Devon County Council in November 1999. In July 2000, the present orders were made under the Highways Act 1980 for the bridge and side roads, and under the Acquisition of Land Act 1981 for the compulsory purchase of land needed for the scheme. There were no statutory objections (that is, from owners of interests directly affected), but nine non-statutory objections. There was a public inquiry, which lasted five days in June 2001. The inspector's report (submitted in October 2001) ran to 61 pages, and dealt in detail with the many issues which had been raised. He was satisfied that there was a need for the bypass. He accepted the authority's case that Barnstaple suffered from "acute traffic congestion", which was a "restriction on the economic growth of the area", and that the proposed bypass was the only satisfactory solution. He rejected objections based on a number of grounds, including inadequacy of the authority's Economic Impact Study and Environmental Assessment, incompatibility with EC Directives, and adverse effects on public safety. Overall, he found that the "cumulative weight" of the arguments pointed to a "clear conclusion" in favour of the Council's case, and recommended confirmation of the orders. The Secretary of State generally accepted the inspector's conclusions and recommendations.What about the historical facts concerning the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus? Dr. Washington says, "Craig believes it is rational to believe in the resurrection, even if there is no evidence for it." Of course! I think this is perfectly rational. On the basis of my experience of Christ as a living reality today, I know he's risen from the dead. And that would be true, even if I lived, say, in Kyrgyzstan, where I never had the opportunity to look at the historical evidence for the resurrection of Jesus, and I never had a New Testament, and I only heard a missionary broadcast on a short-wave radio. I would still be rational on the basis of my experience to believe in the resurrection, even if I didn't have the chance to look at the evidence for it. Let me give you an analogy.{7} Suppose you are accused of a crime that you know you didn't commit, and all the evidence stands against you. Are you obliged to believe that you're guilty because the evidence stands against you? Not at all; you know better. You know you're innocent, even if others think that you may be guilty. Similarly, for the person who has an immediate experience of God, such as I described in my sixth argument, who knows God as a personal, living reality in his life, such a person can know that God exists, even if he's not a philosopher and doesn't understand all of these arguments, and so forth. God can be immediately known and experienced, Christ can be immediately known and experienced in your life today, and that is true even if you've never had the chance to examine the evidence. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlIncreasing evidence suggests that many hostages died because they were not given basic medical care immediately after their rescue. Television images showed special forces placing on bare concrete unconscious hostages, who were then left utterly unattended. Footage indicated that no doctors were available outside the theater at that time. Russian authorities continue to withhold vital information about the gas, even though it is of key importance to medical doctors who are still treating hostages-some of whom are still in grave condition-and to survivors, who may face long-term health consequences. According to reliable sources who spoke to Human Rights Watch, doctors from several humanitarian organizations who were in the theater's immediate vicinity sought access to the released hostages but were denied by security officials. When doctors finally did see the hostages, in ambulances or hospitals, medical personnel were unable to prescribe appropriate treatment, as officials had not informed them of the substance that was used.The proposal to give others equity participation in the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), a public sector undertaking, makes one feel that we are faltering in our determination to be self-sufficient. We have already sold proven oil fields for a song. The question arises why we should be disinvesting in a company like the ONGC. It is making good money and the oil, whether drilled from the field or processed in a refinery, is still a strategic commodity for the country.At any moment, North Koreans risk being picked up by Chinese authorities and returned to North Korea under the terms of a secret 1986 agreement between Beijing and Pyongyang. Yet under the UN Refugee Convention, to which it is a party, China is obligated not to push back asylum seekers in danger of persecution. In North Korea, anyone leaving the country without authorization is subject to three years in a labor camp, or even the death penalty.Unlike the U.K., the U.S. has not revealed the number of ground-launched cluster munitions used in Iraq. An unnamed U.S. defense official told a reporter for Los Angles Times that the U.S. does not keep track of ground launched cluster munitions. "If the Pentagon doesn't keep track of ground-launched cluster munitions, it had better start," said Brigety. "This information is very important, especially when the weapon has been improperly used in urban areas." Several of the ground-launched cluster munitions in service with U.S. and U.K. forces produce an unacceptably high percentage of de facto landmines when they fail to function on impact. Official U.S. data documents a minimum of 14 to 16 percent dud rates for common ground launched cluster munitions. These dud rates climb when the impact environment includes vegetation or structures.>On the first aspect: the conflict that we undertook (rightly, I believe) in 1939 belonged to a world in which wars were still fought between clearly defined sovereign states struggling over the control of territory. Both sides could (and did) inflict the tactics of terror on the other by aerial bombardment; but whether in France or Russia or the Western Desert, the heart of the conflict was about promoting or resisting territorial advance. The fact that the war was finally won in the East by tactics that had nothing to do with this (the atomic bomb) doesn't alter the circumstances in which the war began. It might, though, make us think about why things since 1945 have been so different. Hiroshima was the start of a process leading to the development of weaponry that made territorial struggles irrelevant. The long-distance delivery of weapons of mass destruction altered the character of war itself. Strategy reorganised itself around a balance of terror, Mutually Assured Destruction. The post-Cold War period may have seen the dissolution of this strategic assumption; but it has not taken us back to the age when nation states fought territorial campaigns. Thus initiating military action against Iraq is not a simple matter of honouring clear treaty obligations (as in 1939; the case can be made, though with some awkwardness, for the first Gulf conflict), nor of rebutting direct aggression, territorial or economic or whatever, against ourselves."Putting Saddam Hussein on trial will be complicated, but it has to be done," said Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch. "You don't build respect for the rule of law by choosing to kill someone, no matter how heinous their crimes, because it's the easier thing to do."Elections in Pakistan are over and they have led to Islamist parties, sympathetic to the Taliban-Al Qaeda, acquiring majority status in the western provinces, besides an influential role for themselves in the governance of the country. This portends new uncertainties about the direction of Pakistan's policies about jehad and related violence inside and across the borders. The most likely scenario, even without the Islamic parties gaining so much ground, was an even less co-operative leadership in Islamabad than the current dispensation which had itself stonewalled all pressures to implement its promises made to India, the US and the international community to end jehadi terrorism.POLITICAL acumen is about setting the political agenda. Going by this token, the Congress has lost in Gujarat, whatever the outcome of the December 12 election in that state. It has allowed the vituperative eloquence of Narendra Modi and Company to seep into its consciousness and cause it to second-guess its opponent, tread warily, speak in whispers. It has allowed itself to be spooked into submission, into donning elaborate masks and disguises. This is obvious in the public pronouncements of its leaders, in the poll strategies of its candidates, and - most of all - in the election manifesto the party released last week.If Pakistan thinks that it would be able to achieve its objectives by perpetrating terrorism in India in this manner, Pakistan is mistaken. If no war can achieve this, the low intensity war or terrorism cannot achieve it, and India will certainly not allow it to be achieved in this fashion.Those queues of people jostling to figure in the list of the lucky 5,000 who will become cellphone owners in the initial phase, tell a story of ordinary people who wish nothing more than to lead productive lives after years of existing in the penumbra of the battle-zone. They know that in today's world the cellphone has the potential of transforming not just inter-personal communication but business and professional prospects. Not surprisingly, therefore, it is the young who are the most enthused by the new device.Consider the Vajpayee government today. A BJP prime minister, a BJP deputy prime minister in charge of home, a BJP minister of finance, external affairs, HRD, information and broadcasting, health, commerce and industries, petroleum, rural development, civil aviation, surface transport, law. Now add agriculture. And they still call this a National Democratic Alliance government?Small arms in the hands of honest citizens is a good thing.   Because most people are good, having them armed is a benefit to society, because it provides a control on the tiny minority of bad people, who are always going to be armed regardless of laws.Indonesia cannot afford to become a haven for an Islamic radicalism which would wreck the economy and tear the archipelago apart. The war on terror will be intensified.Human Rights Watch said that China's failure to acknowledge long prison sentences against Tibetans demonstrates yet again the government's determination to prevent the international community from learning the full extent of its ongoing crackdown against Tibetan activists.It appears to us to be too extreme a penalty to strike a solicitor off in circumstances where there is no substantive charge of dishonesty or recklessness; no finding that the Legal Aid Fund (or anybody else) paid out any money in respect of unjustified claims put forward by the solicitor or by staff under her actual supervision; no finding that she was paid anything at all in the course of the matters complained of; no finding of any cash shortage in relation to any of her clients; and no previous conviction which related to a period earlier than the offences with which she was now charged.The treaties and covenants aiming for a world free of nuclear arsenals and other conventional and biological weapons of mass destruction should be adhered to scrupulously by all nations since survival of the entire world is at stake.I have always believed that debates and discussions are the life and blood of parliamentary democracy. Therefore, I have exercised the powers conferred on me by the Rules of Procedures to enable all sections of the House to express their views so that different shades of opinions may be placed before the House on matters under discussion.It is well established that if any statement is made on the floor of the House by a Member or Minister which another Member believes to be untrue, incomplete or incorrect, it does not constitute a breach of privilege. In order to constitute a breach of privilege or contempt of the House, it has to be proved that the statement was not only wrong or misleading but it was made deliberately to mislead the House. A breach of privilege can arise only when the Member or the Minister makes a false statement or an incorrect statement wilfully, deliberately and knowingly. On a perusal of the comments of the Ministers in the matter, I am satisfied that there has been no misleading of the House by them as alleged by the Member. I have accordingly disallowed the notice of question of privilege. Copies of the comments of the Ministers have already been made available to Dr. Raghuvansh Prasad Singh.Of course, giving more power to patients will mean giving the most power to articulate, well-informed and pushy patients, who tend to be better-off. No health-care system can hope to be perfectly egalitarian, but patient power should drive up standards for everyone; keeping power in the hands of doctors and bureaucrats, on the other hand, will keep standards low while being just as unequal. Nor is it safe to assume that, because the poor are less well- informed, it is in their interest that all the important decisions about their care should be made for them.SHRI E.M. SUDARSANA NATCHIAPPAN supporting the Bill, said : We have made three-tier system where the local administration is also under the people's representatives. At such a juncture, we need a lot of money for reaching the people and putting forth our ideas when we are contesting the elections.Yet, if the carriers are not built and properly equipped, a shadow will fall over the whole of Britain's defence capability. It will not only be the Royal Navy that will be threatened with descent into decline. It will be the Army and the Royal Air Force as well.   First, the Services' ability to mount independent operations will be compromised. The Army will not be able to undertake missions at a distance from the home base, because it will not have the air cover essential to its operability. The same goes for the Royal Air Force. It cannot acquire land bases from which to operate outside the home area unless the Navy can provide cover while it does so.   Second, Britain's military standing with America, currently so high, will suffer unless it can maintain some sort of equivalence with the American military machine, now so preponderant.  The Pentagon, while expressing its appreciation of British combat skills, already qualifies its admiration. The British forces, it says, compensate for technical deficiencies by human achievement. It is likely to become less complimentary if Britain falls technically further behind.   Finally, to touch a matter close to the Prime Minister's heart, Britain is at present enjoying an artificial military superiority over its European partners. The bigger EU states - France, Italy, Spain and now Germany - are professionalising their armed forces. They are also bracing themselves to accept higher levels of defence spending.It's the old Orissa drought and starvation story being played out again. This time in Rajasthan. Even as the casualties mount, the state and central governments would like the world to believe that the deaths were caused by disease and lack of hygiene rather than by abject poverty and starvation. But for anyone who visits Rajasthan's Baran district, the apathy of the district administration and the failure of the Public Distribution System (pds) is clear to see. Whatever spin you give it, it is hunger that is claiming its victims.Let me cut to the chase. When I look at the facts, it seems to me that there should be a travel advisory out warning tourists against travel to any city on this planet. All US Embassies should retreat to safer cover - probably on another planet, for it is hard to see where on earth, in the US and out of it, they would be immune to attack. All Americans, in and out of the US, should probably wear protective armor, include bioterror suits, from an early age.Sky News correspondent Jeff Reed rose after one of those military briefings in Doha to ask: "Can I ask the daily weapons of mass destruction question? They haven't been deployed.    They haven't been discovered. Is this war going to make history by being ended before you've found its cause?" After a significant pause, Maj Gen Victor Renuart replied, "That's a great question. We continue to look at sites around the country." That was two weeks ago.    That question is asked again by the enduring image of the war-the 12-year-old boy Ali Ismail Abbas who lost both his arms, and both his parents, to a US bomb. If Renuart still can't answer Reed's question, why did Ali lose his arms? If the wmds are found, questions would still arise over the bombing of civilians-mostly children-because 60 per cent of Iraq's 24 million are children.    If not, the very act of war would be illegal, and Saddam's reign of brutality glossed by his one truth: that Iraq possessed no wmd. Saddam was as bad a guy as one can get, but there is no law-national or international-that sanctions attacks on guys because you have good reason to believe they are bad, and could threaten you (see infographic).    Says jurist Fali S. Nariman, "There is no international law justifying a state taking pre-emptive military action against another state where the doctrine of necessity would not so warrant. A state's claim for self-defence does not justify military action against another state that has not attempted or threatened an attack on it."Yet many Japanese complain against the new more liberal curriculum and deplore the decline in basic standards that they say is undermining Japan's ability to compete in the world. Certainly high Japanese standards of basic education have been important factors in Japan's postwar economic success, but Japan is no longer essentially a manufacturing economy. Its future is going to depend on value-added products and entrepreneurial flair. This requires individuality and imagination. These are qualities that the old system often suppressed.Was the timing intended? It would be difficult to say. Was the blast meant to intimidate the judges trying the cases arising from the Bali explosion not to pronounce a guilty verdict.  Though acts of terrorism meant to intimidate the judiciary are not uncommon in India, the Jakarta blast, which was directed at the American-owned Marriot Hotel, does not appear to have been meant to warn the Indonesian judiciary.  If they had wanted to convey a warning to the judiciary, they would have chosen as their target a building associated with the judiciary or at least the government.The Army of Palestine is claiming responsibility for yesterday's atrocity, but that does not rule out the involvement of bin Laden's organisation; when the American embassy in Nairobi was bombed in 1998, al-Qa'eda operated in the name of the Islamic Army against the Jews and the Crusaders.My third argument was that this being must be an intelligent designer of the universe, based on the complex order in the world. Dr. Washington says, "Look, it's improbable that anybody would win a lottery, but somebody has to win." The analogy is that any universe is improbable, but there has to be some universe. I don't think this is analogous at all to what I'm saying. In the case of the universe, as opposed to the lottery, the outcome is specified, and that's what makes the difference.{6} I'm saying that life-permitting universes are vastly improbable compared to the whole array of possible universes, and this does cry out for an explanation. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlThat's a harsh judgment, but success will depend on a long series of conditions. First, the U.S. and its allies have to win the war against Iraq -- assuming it is fought -- and do it quickly. A stalemate, or even "peaceful regime change," would undermine the U.S. ability to shape political outcomes in Iraq, the first domino in the Bush vision.   There is little doubt that the Iraq could withstand the U.S. assault, but the U.S. has to win an overwhelming victory, one that ends completely the current Baghdad regime. Only then will Washington have the free hand it wants to remake Iraq as well as the leverage with other governments in the region.The DPJ crisis is also likely to have an effect on other opposition parties, for the public's disappointment with the DPJ will lead to an erosion of confidence in the opposition camp as a whole. A weakening of opposition ranks, already evident in the Diet and elsewhere, will further embolden the ruling parties. As a result, politics may lose some of its vital flexibility to the detriment of sound parliamentary democracy in Japan.   That is why the DPJ should consider the Hatoyama resignation in the broader context of a political reorganization. The election of a new leadership must be the first step in this process. Discussion of more detailed and more credible plans for promoting opposition unity is needed. For a start, the party should account for its stunning setbacks in October's parliamentary by-elections. A candid analysis of its mistakes is essential to its revival.President Roh, the first South Korean president born after the end of World War II, has no direct experience of Japan's 1910-1945 colonization of Korea. At a postsummit press conference, he said, encouragingly, that he wants to avoid the issue of "history" -- Japan's militaristic past -- and that the two nations should make joint efforts to create a better future. The Japanese people need to take that statement humbly, for there are still many people, including politicians, who seem to glorify or whitewash some of our nation's misdeeds. The latest example is a remark by the policy chief of the Liberal Democratic Party that tried to justify Japan's colonial policy of forcing Koreans to take Japanese surnames. Mutual confidence, not narrow nationalism, is what the two nations need most as they look to the future.Howard's North Asian tour -- one of 10 overseas visits he is taking this year -- started off in embarrassment in the Philippines. In Manila's swank Makata Shangri La Hotel, he was preparing notes on a meeting with President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo. Suddenly the TV screen lit up. CNN was breaking the news that Jemaah Islamiah explosives expert Fathur Rohman Al-Ghozi had broken out of a Manila jail, courtesy of corrupt jailers.I don't know squat about hydrogen as an energy source. I do know that oil is not renewable in the normal span of a human life. It takes a zillion years and a lot of dinosaurs to make the stuff. That alone tells me we must husband it's use far more than we presently do.My wifes family has many relatives that work in the prison system in NY state. At one wedding we attended a date of one of her brothers was arguing for a novel approach to prison overcrowding and abuses, her idea was to just throw open the doors and let them all out. The idea was funny enough that everyone laughed. Seriously though, I think that some people would be more cowed by taking thirty lashes than sitting in a prison for ten years, and that would certainly be cheaper than incarceration, you do the crime, you get convicted, you are punished, and the punishments over, you paid your debt and can get on with life.I recently came across a copy of "Seapower," the official magazine of the Navy League -- the Navy, Marines, Coast Guard and the Merchant Marine. The list of "corporate sponsors" include (among its "Gold Medal members") Lockheed-Martin, Rockwell, General Dynamics, Grumman, GE, etc., with glossy full-page ads advertising their latest cutting-edge developments. In fact, these corporate sponsors are the *only* advertisers in the magazine. The articles themselves make repeated references to the technological developments of these corporations. In other words, it is hardly more than a business magazine by and for the defense industry.One can also protest that there is scope for less stringency on the budget deficit. The Congress of South African Trade Unions has pointed out that European economies struggle to hold their deficits at below 3%, while ours will grow to 2,4% over the next two years.To give you an analogy: Suppose the lottery was always won by somebody with Mafia connections. [moderator laughs] You wouldn't just say in that case, [audience laughter], "Well, look, somebody had to win, and anybody is equally improbable." No, you see you've specified the probability, and it is extremely improbable that people with Mafia connections always win. You would, if you were smart, suspect some hanky-panky going on. Similarly, when you look at the array of possible universes, practically none of them are life-permitting. And only this tiny, tiny, infinitesimal segment is a life-permitting universe such as ours. Indeed, I think, in this case it isn't silly to think that there is something going on behind the scenes, that this did not arise by chance alone, but that there is a divine intelligence, a cosmic intelligence, which ordered the universe. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlMost of the nearly 200 people killed and hundreds others injured on Saturday were foreign tourists, but Indonesia has been badly hurt as well. Its sense of security has been jolted, its stock market is reeling and Bali's economically important tourist industry faces ruinous free fall. This was the latest and deadliest of several recent assaults. Together they offer evidence that Al Qaeda and its allies have survived the war in Afghanistan and are regrouping to organize new strikes. Two weeks ago Kuwaiti terrorists opened fire on American marines in the country for joint exercises with the Kuwaiti military, killing one of them. One of the assailants left behind a tape pledging allegiance to Osama bin Laden. Yesterday more gunfire was directed at American troops in Kuwait. Late last month a French oil tanker was set ablaze off Yemen in what Paris believes was a terrorist attack. Meanwhile a new tape by Osama bin Laden's top deputy, Ayman al-Zawahiri, has begun circulating. American authorities believe it was recorded recently.In a speech that appears to have been timed for the upcoming elections, President Bush attacked the Senate this week for having a "lousy record" of confirming his judicial nominees. The facts do not bear this out. The Democratic-controlled Senate confirmed 80 judges in its first 15 months in power - more than the Republican-led Senate confirmed in its final 30 months in control, from 1999 through the summer of 2001But the public has never been allowed in jury rooms, and with good reason. Jurors are not government officials, and do not perform a representational function. Being a juror is more akin to voting, a civic duty that occurs in private. Like voters in an exit poll, jurors ought to be free to speak afterward about their deliberations, but they are not obligated to.  Televising jury deliberations will skew the composition of juries by removing people who do not want to reach a verdict - and in this case, possibly impose the death penalty - on a public stage. So far at least 14 out of 110 prospective jurors in Mr. Harrison's case have been excused for reasons related to the presence of cameras. These jurors may be precisely the ones best suited to serve.  Allowing cameras in the jury room would also harm the deliberative process. Jurors, especially less educated and articulate ones, may be wary of speaking out if they know they are being judged by an audience at home. They may be more reluctant to question the credibility of a witness, or to take an unpopular stand, like holding out for an acquittal, or against the death penalty. It is no answer that, at least in this case, the defendant's lawyers have agreed to the process. A defendant's lawyers cannot waive his right to a trial that conforms with the Constitution. And in any case, society as a whole has an interest in the justice system operating fairly.Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.the problems here flow out of its having tried to proceed according to the most universally accepted standards available to it.  Consider the current flap over whether Mr. Moussaoui can depose Ramzi Binalshibh -- one of the alleged organizers of the 9/11 attacks, who was captured and is being interrogated at an undisclosed location abroad. The Sixth Amendment makes clear that "the accused shall enjoy the right . . . to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor." And Mr. Binalshibh's testimony, the defense argues, would lessen a jury's sense of Mr. Moussaoui's culpability and make it less inclined to impose the death penalty. Under normal circumstances, there would be no question that the defense could have access to such a witness -- nor, constitutionally speaking, should there be such question now. The Constitution's language is absolute, after all, and admits no national security exception. Fair-trial rights in American courts cannot be contingent on other governmental interests, even pressing ones.   That said, the government's other interests here are very real. Mr. Moussaoui is representing himself, meaning that he would personally talk to a terrorist confederate in any deposition. It isn't unreasonable for the government to regard this as an unacceptable risk.My hon. Friend will be aware of the recent Environment Agency report showing from research that within a radius of 2 km from a hazardous waste site, recorded birth defects are 7 per cent. higher than in the rest of the population. I have some personal interest in that question, as I live within 1 km of such a site. What is the Department doing to research that and to find out what the direct link is, and what joint work is being done by his Department and the Department of Health to ensure that people are protected? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm041021/debtext/41021-03.htmVice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.Nuclear bombs should not be casually re-engineered for ordinary battlefield use. Washington must be wary of appearing to lower the psychological threshold for nuclear weapons use at a time when countries like Pakistan, India and probably North Korea have added nuclear weapons to their arsenals and a chief objective of American policy is to make sure these weapons are never used.In a speech that appears to have been timed for the upcoming elections, President Bush attacked the Senate this week for having a "lousy record" of confirming his judicial nominees. The facts do not bear this out. The Democratic-controlled Senate confirmed 80 judges in its first 15 months in power - more than the Republican-led Senate confirmed in its final 30 months in control, from 1999 through the summer of 2001 When a habeas petitioners claim has been adjudicated  on the merits in state-court proceedings,28 U.S.C.   2254(d)forecloses relief unless the state court  s adjudica-  tion of the claim:    (1)resulted in a decision that was contrary to,or  involved an unreasonable application of,clearly established Federal law,as determined by the Supreme  Court of the United States;or  (2)resulted in a decision that was based on an unreasonable determination of the facts in light of the  evidence presented in the State court proceeding.    The jury-coercion claim in respondent  s habeas petition is  the same claim rejected on the merits in his direct appeal  to the state appellate court,and the Ninth Circuit correctly recognized that  2254(d)was therefore applicable.  It held that respondent had established that the decision  of the Court of Appeal was contrary to established federal  law for two,and possibly three,reasons.We think none of  them correct.Confronting Australian demands for tougher sanctions, the African troika members responded that Zimbabwe's 12-month suspension from the Commonwealth had not run its course and more time was needed for diplomacy to bear fruit. Plausible enough -- if there had there been some progress in the six months since the Marlborough House demands: dialogue between Zanu-PF and the opposition, engagement with the Commonwealth on electoral changes, and involvement of the Commonwealth and the United Nations in land reform. Nothing has happened on any of these fronts, as President Thabo Mbeki and Nigeria's Olusegun Obasanjo conceded to the world's media after the Abuja meeting. Nor could they offer a convincing reason for believing another six months of diplomacy will make a difference.But the truth appears to be far more mundane. Multiple Wits sources of varied ideological and other hues say that signs emerged very early in Reid Birley's tenure that she was extraordinarily difficult to work with and that the unanimous initial goodwill towards her steadily dissipated among those who had to interact with her daily.    We report this week that senior Wits academics, whom we name with their permission and whose own transformation and gender credentials are impeccable, despairingly recount that Reid Birley repeatedly rejected long-term attempts at constructive intervention.     It is also a matter of record that two very senior managers, recruited from an historically disadvantaged university and who can scarcely be said to be anti-transformation reactionaries, have distanced themselves from Reid Birley.    With such considerations in mind, it is difficult to understand Reid Birley's claims that allegations against her are without substance. Clearly, a crisis had been building up for many months; equally clearly, Wits needed to act urgently to resolve it.The notion that there is a media vendetta to prove that black people are inherently corrupt is fallacious. The simple fact is that this country is run by a black government and the upper rungs of public service are mainly peopled by blacks. And another truth beyond doubt is that the same government runs one of the more competent and forward-looking administrations on the planet. It is, therefore, demographically logical that its successes are directly attributable to black people at the helm. And it is also demographically logical that when wrongdoing takes place in the ranks of government, the probabilities are that it will be the black people running the show who will be fingered. That is simple logic.This week at the African Union assembly in the city, South African airforce helicopters circled the port; its naval vessels protected the waters; South African sniffer dogs swept the spanking white convention centre (funded by the Chinese) while South African firemen and other security kept the continent's governing elite safe.    The lesson is clear. While she had her own prawns in bounteous supply, Mozambique would not have been able to pull off even the meeting without a little help from friends.If the terrorist organization Al Qaeda claims responsibility for the attack to the Government building, it means that they have organized it. But they didn t claim. Therefore, some other organization exploded the building.Mail & Guardian readers can be excused for feeling a little puzzled by developments in the government's HIV/Aids policy last week. "Thabo, Manto deepen Aids row", M&amp;G posters bellowed on Friday. "Government acts on Aids", other media assured us a day later.    Both were on the mark. Prompted by mounting concern about the potential election fallout, and driven by enlightened ministers, there was a Cabinet U-turn on drug treatment for Aids sufferers. But as last week's Aids conference highlighted, denialism persists. For this reason, it is essential to ensure that the proposed national treatment plan actually takes place and that, as far as possible, its implementation is removed from the suffocating hand of the denialists.Talk about preaching to the choir. President Bush and his clueless team of economic advisers held a summit at the president's ranch in Crawford, Tex., yesterday. This is the ferociously irresponsible crowd that has turned its back on simple arithmetic and thinks the answer to every economic question is a gigantic tax cut for the rich. Their voodoo fantasies were safe in Crawford. There was no one at the ranch to chastise them for bequeathing backbreaking budget deficits to generations yet unborn. And no one was there to confront them with evidence of the intense suffering that so many poor, working-class and middle-class families are experiencing right now because of job losses on Mr. Bush's watch.My third argument was that this being must be an intelligent designer of the universe, based on the complex order in the world. Dr. Washington says, "Look, it's improbable that anybody would win a lottery, but somebody has to win." The analogy is that any universe is improbable, but there has to be some universe. I don't think this is analogous at all to what I'm saying. In the case of the universe, as opposed to the lottery, the outcome is specified, and that's what makes the difference.{6} I'm saying that life-permitting universes are vastly improbable compared to the whole array of possible universes, and this does cry out for an explanation.Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, today  the House will be considering legisla-tion  that would allow for the importa-tion  of prescription drugs from foreign  lands, H.R. 2427. The supporters of this  bill will tell us that this legislation  will give millions of Americans access  to safe, cheap drugs from foreign coun-tries.  I believe them to be wrong. In-stead,  this bill will only serve to under-cut  important safety protections and  place foreign price controls on Amer-ican  businesses.  We are all concerned about the cost  of prescription drugs, but this bill is  not the way to go about holding down  prices.  This bill is not about free trade. In  other industries, we do not permit the  imposition of foreign price controls on  American businesses, and we should  not in this case, either.What I have heard my Republican colleagues on the other side of the aisle say is that they need more time to look at this. It is seven pages long. We have been at this now for well over, I think, 2 weeks and, really, one page a day certainly can be read.Mr. President, many Senators feel that they are under great pressure Do those who believe that the Presi-dent- whatever party he is, Democrat or Republican-do those who believe that he is king under our Constitu-tion- apparently some Senators here vote as though they think the Presi-dent is king, although they know bet-ter than that. But still they believe they have to follow the President's di-rection. The President did not bring any of us here. The President did not elect any of the Members of this body. This is an independent body. This is an inde-pendent branch of Government. This is a separate branch of Government. No President elects any Member of this body. The President is just the Chief Executive of the land. I say ''just.'' It is a tremendous office, of course, with great power, but he is no king. And we are not sent here by our people to let the President or the White House or any party control us or dictate to us.It is crucial that this specialized form of bankruptcy relief for family farmers not be allowed to sunset for two fundamental reasons. First, family farmers, absent chapter 12, would be forced to file for bankruptcy relief under the Bankruptcy Code's other al-ternatives, none of which work as well for them as does chapter 12. Chapter VII of the Bankruptcy Code, for instance, would require a farmer to liquidate; that is, sell the family farm to pay the claims of the farmer's credi-tors. Many farmers would be precluded from choosing bankruptcy relief under chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code be-cause of its restrictive eligibility standards. Furthermore, Chapter XI, the Bankruptcy Code's business reorga-nization alternative, is not farmer-friendly in various respects, as it often entails an expensive and time-con-suming process that does not readily accommodate the special needs of farmers. Second, recent statistics dem-onstrate that there is not only a con-tinuing need for chapter 12, but that this need is apparently increasing. Ac-cording to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, chapter 12 bankruptcy filings jumped by more than 62 percent over the past year. I in-troduced H.R. 2465 to extend chapter 12 for an additional 6 months through De-cember 31, 2003, and thereby maintain the status quo while the Congress com-pletes its consideration of comprehen-sive bankruptcy reform.It was August 1955, the day of Eisenhower s return from the Geneva summit meeting, a chill, rainy afternoon at Washington National Airport as the Vice-President and leading officials gathered to welcome the President home. Many carried umbrellas, but what gave the scene a bizarre aspect was that none of the umbrellas was raised. The dignitaries huddled in the open, wet and bedraggled, because the Vice-President had given the 16 order no umbrellas! In Nixon s mind, this order was necessary for propaganda reasons. At that moment it was still not clear whether Geneva had been a triumph or a setback for the West; and for lack of a better estimate of the situation, there were uncomfortable reminders of Neville Chamberlain and Munich. The umbrella had been Chamberlain s trademark and the emblem of his appeasement policy. Nixon wanted no such untoward symbol. (Costello 1960, 266)the problems here flow out of its having tried to proceed according to the most universally accepted standards available to it.  Consider the current flap over whether Mr. Moussaoui can depose Ramzi Binalshibh -- one of the alleged organizers of the 9/11 attacks, who was captured and is being interrogated at an undisclosed location abroad. The Sixth Amendment makes clear that "the accused shall enjoy the right . . . to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor." And Mr. Binalshibh's testimony, the defense argues, would lessen a jury's sense of Mr. Moussaoui's culpability and make it less inclined to impose the death penalty. Under normal circumstances, there would be no question that the defense could have access to such a witness -- nor, constitutionally speaking, should there be such question now. The Constitution's language is absolute, after all, and admits no national security exception. Fair-trial rights in American courts cannot be contingent on other governmental interests, even pressing ones.   That said, the government's other interests here are very real. Mr. Moussaoui is representing himself, meaning that he would personally talk to a terrorist confederate in any deposition. It isn't unreasonable for the government to regard this as an unacceptable risk.Universities typically operate for slightly more than half the year -- generally two 14-week semesters. And aside from some summer-school programs, we barely use our facilities at all for three months of the year. This practice, it seems to me, wastes time that we could use for instruction, undervalues our facilities, which stand idle, and costs us money, because we could actually enroll more students and earn more tuitions if we operated more of the year.No Nazi book burning was ever more effective than the university s proposed Approved Exhibit list. A rose by any other name . Call it what you like boys and girls, but censorship is censorship.If we casually allow the censorship of campus art exhibits, we will surrender the right to protest when a campus professor disapproves of and therefore censors the free expression of our own ideas in class discussion or in written work.Since it is against university policy to censor campus lectures, it is clearly unfair for the university to attempt to censor the present art exhibit.Janet had the tap on over the sink, so it took some time before Natasha realized that the sounds she heard were not only of water running but also of Janet sobbing. Sobbing was not unusual in the Academy, but Natasha never could get used to it. Oh gee, Janet, she said. Tears were running down her own cheeks, from the onions she was cutting. I don t deserve to be downstairs! Janet broke out at last. But Janet it s only that they needed the room. Then why me? Why not Shirley? How is she better than I am? (Jhabvala 1983,One day in the street I met the translator of my articles. He was talking to a man with a full beard, and when I nodded and started to pass on, he stopped me. You must want to get chased out of Guatemala, he said, by writing such an article as the one about the Monroe Doctrine. We had a lot of trouble with it. What was wrong? I asked. The answer came from the man with the beard. It was too strong, he said. You can t print some of the things you wanted to say. Calling the President of the United States the sluggish-minded James Monroe. You will have the American Minister down on you. (Batson 1931, 181)Different is often taken to mean inferior by insensitive observers, both Italian and foreign. In much of the recent literature in the social sciences, southern Italy is viewed as an underdeveloped country in comparison with its northern counterpart. The Italian South is unquestionably inferior economically to the North, but economic prosperity is not necessarily a true indicator of the quality of a society s life. While materially 24 impoverished, the South has produced many of Italy s greatest men of letters and affairs. (To cite only a few of her political thinkers of note, she can claim Vico, Cuoco, Mosca, Croce, and Dorso.) She also remains the land of the wondrous scenic beauties described by Goethe in his Italienische Reise, as well as of architectural marvels like the Baroque churches of Apulia. It would be extremely shortsighted to view the South as simply, or even primarily, a place where poverty, illiteracy, poor soil, earthquakes, brigandage, and disease abound. (Germino & Passigli 1968, 21)Our problems, however, are not so much with printing the material as with distributing it. Every so often a large group of distributors gets caught. The head of the distribution network, who had contacts with the majority of drop-off points, was arrested just a few months into the war. They had been observing him for a while, checking out his routes, and then they grabbed him and a few others. A group arrest of distributors is always a big blow, since rebuilding such a network requires long and tedious work. Moreover, while at the beginning of martial law we literally had crowds of people clamouring to be distributors, over time this began to come to a halt. If you put something in someone s hands, they d still pass it along, but people stopped coming to us on their own. The optimal solution was to cut back the numbers of Tygodnik Mazowsze we printed at the center, while at the same time producing stencils that local union groups could use to make their own copies of the journal. ( opi ski, Moskit & Wilk 1990, 68-69)And about Peter; you ve got to know. I am not married. I am not Mrs. MacNair. I have never been married at all. I went to Canada ten years ago and while I was alone there I met Captain MacNair and lived with him. We were never married, but I lived with him a long time as his wife and called myself Mrs. MacNair.... Why didn t you get married? he interrupted. Was he married already? No; and we did intend to really, at some time, but we kept putting it off and putting it off until in the end it did not seem worth while; and a year or two ago we separated, finally. Well then, my lovely scandalous one! He laughed and shook her. You are not somebody else s wife, not even a widow, and you can marry whom you like. (Coppard 1935, 286-287)Some have alleged the war was a neo-conservative plan to take out a potential enemy of Israel. There may be some truth to this argument. But after making peace with the most menacing Arab nation-Egypt-and purportedly possessing hundreds of nuclear weapons, Israel is now relatively secure from existential threats. Besides, most experts agreed that Iran was closer to being a nuclear threat to Israel than Iraq. Syria was a bigger conventional threat than Saddam s regime because of its contiguous border with the Jewish state. http://www.why-war.com/news/2004/09/14/haveusso.htmlIf we stop the free creation of art, we will stop the free viewing of art.To justify us before God. 2. Gal. ult. If righteousness come by ye Law, then Christ is dead in vain. Because he [Christ DH] attained not his end in dying, which was to merit for us remission of sin, & imputation of his righteousness for our justification. (Cooper & Minkema 1993, 133)If we allow censorship where there is a documented guarantee of academic freedom of inquiry unencumbered by prejudice and intolerance, how much more likely is it that censorship will proliferate in the society at large, where no such rigorous commitment to intellectual inquiry exists?The outlook was black for Assyria. Sin-shar-ishkum in desperation sought help from both Scythians and Egyptians, but it was a vain hope. The Scythians double-crossed him.n 1922, the River Rouge Ry. [Railway DH] Co. [Company DH] made an offer of sale of its St. Remi extension to the Canadian National Ry. Co., successor to the Canadian Northern Quebec Ry. Co., but the offer was refused. It was felt that the extension of the National Ry. to St. Remi was not justified at the moment, and, also that the River Rouge Ry. Co. had not been ethical in its attempts to secure a subsidy.In establishing the stoichiometric, thermochemical, and kinetic relationships [in a biological process used in wastewater treatment DH] it must be remembered that these can be greatly influenced by such environmental variables as temperature, pH, light, ionic environment, etc. The environmental engineering literature should be searched for quantitative values of these relationships; however, it is frequently necessary to resort to experimentation, especially for industrial wastes. (Andrews 1972, 6)Censorship is an indication of a society s lack of confidence in itself. It is the hallmark of an authoritarian regime. For example, one of Nazi Germany s first acts was to burn all the books, literature and science, which offended their sensibilities, beliefs, and values.This madness has to stop, and the fastest way of doing that is to elect John Kerry, not because he will be different but because in most key areas Iraq, the "war on drugs," Israel/Palestine, free trade, corporate taxes he will be just as bad. The main difference will be that as Kerry pursues these brutal policies, he will come off as intelligent, sane and blissfully dull. That's why I've joined the Anybody But Bush camp: Only with a bore like Kerry at the helm will we finally be able to put an end to the presidential pathologizing and focus on the issues again. http://www.why-war.com/news/2004/08/16/ditchthe.htmlThere is no way that a university, by its very definition, should be in the business of censorship. Universities bring light, they don t cover up. Universities open conversation, they don t bind and gag. Universities welcome, they don t cast off.If we elect Bush, this situation of war and instability is going to continue.What we really need to do is recall, and totally reconfigure, the state of California. A nation-state like California, with its multilayered government, its myriad boards and commissions, may look like a bureaucratic quagmire to most of us, but to veteran lobbyists, it's a veritable smorgasbord of tax breaks and other perks. Large concentrations of power and money will always attract those who can leverage those resources to their own ends. Tinkering with the existing system - whether it's recalling public officials or passing stricter campaign finance laws - will make no difference as long as there are billions in taxpayer dollars for the taking. What we need to do is downsize state government - make it more accessible to the average citizen while reducing the size of the public trough - by splitting the state into smaller regional units. With a population projected to reach 45 million by 2020, California could easily be split into three or four viable states, each with a distinct regional identity http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2003/08/17/IN81189.DTLEight-month-old Kyle Mutch's tragic death was not an accident and he suffered injuries consistent with a punch or a kick, a court heard yesterday. The baby, whose stepfather denies murder, was examined by pathologist Dr James Grieve shortly after his death. Dr. Grieve told the High Court at Forfar the youngest was covered in bruises and had suffered a crushed intestine as well as severe internal bleeding. When asked by Advocate Depute Mark Stewart, prosecuting, if the bruises could have been caused by an accident, he said "No. Not in a child that is not walking, not toddling and has not been in a motor car." Dr. Grieve said the injuries had happened "pretty quickly" and would be "difficult for an infant to cope with". The lecturer in forensic medicines at Aberdeen University told the jury that the bruises could have been caused by a single blow from a blunt instrument, like a closed hand. Death, not accident, court told, "Evening Telegraph", monday, September 13, 2004, p.11Some are arguing that Bush's extremism actually has a progressive effect because it unites the world against US empire. But a world united against the United States isn't necessarily united against imperialism. Despite their rhetoric, France and Russia opposed the invasion of Iraq because it threatened their own plans to control Iraq's oil. http://www.why-war.com/news/2004/08/16/ditchthe.html For  example, just last week the subject of  Thursday's hearing in the Committee  on Armed Services was a proposal from  the administration to exempt the Department  of Defense from five key environmental  laws from the Clean Air  Act to the Endangered Species Act.  These laws not only protect endangered  species and eco-systems, they  protect the health of people living on  and around military bases. If the exemptions  were granted, American tax-payers  and State and local governments  would bear the burden of clean-up  costs and face public health risks  from toxic contamination resulting  from military operations. The evidence  shows there is no reasonable case for  such exemptions. The environmental  laws already allow the Department of  Defense to apply for exemptions on a  case-by-case basis if they really need  it. Both the GAO and EPA Administrator Whitman have testified that environmental  laws have not affected  military readiness. There is no evidence  that the military has ever been  refused an exemption from laws that  were necessary and that they sought it.If America-we almost said when- goes to war, it may be necessary to rush quantities of men and materials from the interior to the coast in a hurry, to repel possible enemy raids. There are few useable routes now. In such circumstance, an adequate Klamath highway would be not merely important, but terribly essential. http://www.jeffersonstate.com/history/doublecrossed.htmlSiskiyou county apparently has been double crossed again by the state administration. The Board of Prison directors announced this week that a prison labor camp would be located in Palomar Park, near Los Angeles, to build a recreation center. Translated, that may be interpreted to read that there is virtually no chance a prison labor camp will be located in Siskiyou county to improve the badly neglected Klamath River road. http://www.jeffersonstate.com/history/doublecrossed.htmlMeanwhile, Russian president Vladimir Putin strenghtened his control over the country today with a series of far-reaching initiatives aimed at combating terrorism. "The organizers and perpretators of hte terror attack are aiming at the disintegration of the state, the break-up of Russia", Putin told the officials gathered in the government headquarters, known as the White House. Putin said control from the central government was the key, and that strong political parties must become one of the tools for mobilising the entire society to conducts the fight against terrorism. He recommanded changing the system of electing the country's lower house of parliament, the State Duma, to a purely proportional system. RUssia issues warning to militants, "Evening Telegraph", monday, September 13, 2004, p.6Russia reserves the right to carry out pre-emptive strikes on foreign militant bases in the wake of the schook hostage seizure, the country's defence minister has said. Defence minister Sergei Ivano said any strike "may involve anything, except nuclear weapons". "They have declared a war on us, we have come under attack, so all means are good in a war", he said. Russia issue warning to militants, "Evening Telegraph", monday, September 13, 2004, p. 6Russia reserves the right to carry out pre-emptive strikes on foreign militant bases in the wake of the schook hostage seizure, the country's defence minister has said. Defence minister Sergei Ivano said any strike "may involve anything, except nuclear weapons".  "They have declared a war on us, we have come under attack, so all means are good in a war", he said. While well-represented at the local and state levels by our elected officials, we are often ignored by the representatives to the North, our lives are detrimentally dictated by the governments of the North, our businesses are regulated at the whim of the Northern regulators. The fine citizens and businesses of Southern and Southwestern Oregon (Northern Jefferson) should and can have better lives, better economics, a better future for our children, if separated from the Counties in the North. http://sierratimes.com/04/02/08/ar_jefferson.htmn an open letter to First Minister Jack McConnel, Dr harry Burns, NHS Greater Glasglow's director of public health, backed proposals to impose a ban. In teh letter, Dr burns said, " The link between smoking and Glasgow's ill-health is clear and compelling. Environmental tobacco smoke damages the health of every Scot from the youngest to the oldest. A fundamental principle underlying the way we live out lives in Scotland is that people shouls be free to make choices about how they live their lives -so long as those choices do not harm others. Those of us who work in the Health Service see every day the tragic consequences of exposure to the powerful carcinogens contained in tobacco smoke. The damage done by cigarettes is suffered disproportionately by the poor and if we are serious about narrowing health inequalities we must do what we can to discourage cigarette smoking and to protect the majority of Scots who choose not to smoke from damage to their health. Glasgow NHS chiefs want ban on smoking "Evening Telegraph", monday, September 16, 2004, p. 6Incoming EU Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso refused on Thursday to bow to socialist demands to ditch justice chief Rocco Buttiglione after the Italian apologised for calling homosexuality a sin. His refusal opened the way for a showdown with European left-wingers who renewed demands that he replace the Italian conservative. They have said they would vote against Barroso's entire commission team at a vote next Wednesday if he does not. http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/10/21/italy.eu.reut/index.htmlHoward W. Lutnick, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cantor Fitzgerald LP, USA, predicted that investors will increasingly look to the debt markets for signals such as the pricing of default risk that can help them evaluate equity prices. He advocated the creation of new derivative estimates that would allow investors to bet for, or against, the future earnings performance of individual stocks. Such a contract, for example, might pay off if a company meets or exceeds the consensus earnings forecast, but be worthless if it does not. Trading in these contracts, he suggested, would tend to eliminate valuation inefficiencies through the arbitrage process. http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Are%20Financial%20Markets%20Still%20(Somewhat)%20Crazy%20after%20All%20These%20Years%3F_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004Siskiyou county apparently has been double crossed again by the state administration.    The Board of Prison directors announced this week that a prison labor camp would be located in Palomar Park, near Los Angeles, to build a recreation center. Translated, that may be interpreted to read that there is virtually no chance a prison labor camp will be located in Siskiyou county to improve the badly neglected Klamath River road.How can you get a temporal effect that begins to exist from an eternal cause? If the cause is eternal, why isn't the effect also eternal? Let me give you an analogy. Suppose the cause of water's freezing is the temperature's being below zero degrees centigrade. If the temperature were below zero degrees eternally, then any water that was around would be frozen from eternity. It would be impossible for the temperature to be below zero from eternity, and yet the water just began to freeze only fifteen billion years ago. How can you have an eternal cause but a temporal effect? The only answer to this dilemma, I think, is if the cause is a personal agent endowed with free will, who can eternally and freely will to create an effect in time. So it seems to me that from the very nature of the case this cause of the origin of the universe must be a personal being--- indeed, an omniscient being, in view of the first argument based on abstract objects. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlDr. Curley gives the following argument: 1. Infants are damned because of original sin. 2. The Bible teaches original sin. 3. Therefore, the God of the Bible does not exist. 11. I dispute the first premise. In fact, I challenge Dr. Curley to read me a single passage of Scripture that teaches that infants are damned because of original sin. The Bible teaches no such thing. On the contrary, Jesus took up the little children in his arms and blessed them, saying "Let the little children come to me... for such is the kingdom of heaven" (Mark 10.14). http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley04.htmlIntelligence gathered by this and other governments leaves no doubt that the Iraq regime continues to possess and conceal some of the most lethal weapons ever devised. This regime has already used weapons of mass destruction against Iraq's neighbors and against Iraq's people. The regime has a history of reckless aggression in the Middle East. It has a deep hatred of America and our friends. And it has aided, trained and harbored terrorists, including operatives of al Qaeda. The danger is clear: using chemical, biological or, one day, nuclear weapons, obtained with the help of Iraq, the terrorists could fulfill their stated ambitions and kill thousands or hundreds of thousands of innocent people in our country, or any other. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmIn the case of Iraq, the Security Council did act, in the early 1990s. Under Resolutions 678 and 687 -- both still in effect -- the United States and our allies are authorized to use force in ridding Iraq of weapons of mass destruction. This is not a question of authority, it is a question of will. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmLast September, I went to the U.N. General Assembly and urged the nations of the world to unite and bring an end to this danger. On November 8th, the Security Council unanimously passed Resolution 1441, finding Iraq in material breach of its obligations, and vowing serious consequences if Iraq did not fully and immediately disarm. Today, no nation can possibly claim that Iraq has disarmed. And it will not disarm so long as Saddam Hussein holds power. For the last four-and-a-half months, the United States and our allies have worked within the Security Council to enforce that Council's long-standing demands. Yet, some permanent members of the Security Council have publicly announced they will veto any resolution that compels the disarmament of Iraq. These governments share our assessment of the danger, but not our resolve to meet it. Many nations, however, do have the resolve and fortitude to act against this threat to peace, and a broad coalition is now gathering to enforce the just demands of the world. The United Nations Security Council has not lived up to its responsibilities, so we will rise to ours. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmIn recent days, some governments in the Middle East have been doing their part. They have delivered public and private messages urging the dictator to leave Iraq, so that disarmament can proceed peacefully. He has thus far refused. All the decades of deceit and cruelty have now reached an end. Saddam Hussein and his sons must leave Iraq within 48 hours. Their refusal to do so will result in military conflict, commenced at a time of our choosing. For their own safety, all foreign nationals -- including journalists and inspectors -- should leave Iraq immediately. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmMy plan begins with providing the security and opportunity of a growing economy. We now compete in a global market that provides new buyers for our goods, but new competition for our workers. To create more jobs in America, America must be the best place in the world to do business. To create jobs, my plan will encourage investment and expansion by restraining federal spending, reducing regulation and making tax relief permanent. To create jobs, we will make our country less dependent on foreign sources of energy. To create jobs, we will expand trade and level the playing field to sell American goods and services across the globe. And we must protect small business owners and workers from the explosion of frivolous lawsuits that threaten jobs across America. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmAnd all Iraqi military and civilian personnel should listen carefully to this warning. In any conflict, your fate will depend on your action. Do not destroy oil wells, a source of wealth that belongs to the Iraqi people. Do not obey any command to use weapons of mass destruction against anyone, including the Iraqi people. War crimes will be prosecuted. War criminals will be punished. And it will be no defense to say, "I was just following orders." http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htm"Questa riforma, che serve con tutta evidenza gli interessi del gruppo Mediaset di proprieta` di Silvio Berlusconi, rappresenta un pericolo per l'autonomia della televisione pubblica e una minaccia per il pluralismo dell'informazione. In nome della liberta` di stampa, Le chiediamo di non promulgare questa legge", ha scritto Robert Me`nard, segretario generale   di Reporter senza frontiere, in una lettera indirizzata al presidente della Repubblica, Carlo Azeglio Ciampi.     "La concentrazione nelle mani di una sola persona, di un imponente impero mediatico e del potere politico, continua a rappresentare un'anomalia unica in Europa. La legge sul sistema radiotelevisivo, come peraltro il progetto di legge sul conflitto di interessi, non fanno che aggravare questa situazione. Con la loro approvazione, l'Unione europea darebbe un pessimo esempio ai paesi che devono ancora integrare i principi della liberta` di stampa e della democrazia", ha aggiunto. La legge Gasparri elimina di fatto l'interdizione fatta a una sola persona, di detenere piu` di due reti televisive nazionali.Ci sono molte strade per non mandare a spasso le persone". Oscar Luigi Scalfaro, ex presidente della Repubblica e durante il suo settennato bestia nera del Cavaliere, non crede al "ricatto" di Mediaset: o decreto legge per Retequattro o mille disoccupati in pi . Al contrario: "Un grande imprenditore non privo di potenza finanziaria", chiosa sornione chiamando in causa Berlusconi, sapr pur trovare un modo per "impedire il temuto danno". http://www.repubblica.it/2003/l/sezioni/politica/gasparri4/salvafe/salvafe.htmlWe can know that Jesus rose from the dead, wholly apart from a consideration of historical evidence. We can know Jesus rose because Jesus is alive today and by God's spirit He is an living reality to those who follow him. The simplest Christian who has neither the oppurtunity nor wherewithal to conduct an historical investigation of Jesus' resurrection can know with assurance that Jesus has risen simply because God's spirit bears unmistakable witness to Him that this is so. This means that no one is justified in rejecting the Christian faith simply because the evidence isn't good enough. If were no historical resurrection, then there then today there would be no encounter with the risen Lord and no witness of the Spirit. From the fact that there is such an encounter and witness, it follows logically that there was historical resurrection, even if in certain situations historical evidence concerning the resurrection, which is available at that time and place, is slim, ambiguous, or even deleterious." http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlAnd in fact this is very widely recognized by philosophers today. Peter Van Inwagen of the University of Syracuse reports in the Philosophical Perspectives of 1991, "It used to be widely held that evil was incompatible with the existence of God: that no possible world contained both God and evil. So far as I am able tell, this thesis is no longer defended."{2} Similarly, William Alston, a prominent philosopher, says, "It is now acknowledged on (almost) all sides that the logical argument [from evil] is bankrupt."{3} So I don't think anyone has been able to show a logical incompatibility between God and harm. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlYet, the only way to reduce the harm and duration of war is to apply the full force and might of our military, and we are prepared to do so. If Saddam Hussein attempts to cling to power, he will remain a deadly foe until the end. In desperation, he and terrorists groups might try to conduct terrorist operations against the American people and our friends. These attacks are not inevitable. They are, however, possible. And this very fact underscores the reason we cannot live under the threat of blackmail. The terrorist threat to America and the world will be diminished the moment that Saddam Hussein is disarmed. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmOther authors considered Russia's function as a mediator in the Kosovo crisis to be evidence of Russia's continued influence in international affairs. One explained, "In the political settlement of the Kosovo issue, Russia played a unique, important role. Regarding this, the United States expressed its 'thanks' to Russia superficially. In fact, it had a sour feeling. For a considerable period of time, the United States has adopted the policy of pressuring and intimidating Russia, weakening its role in international affairs. However, when the United States was in a dilemma over the Kosovo issue, it had to seek Russia's assistance. As a consequence, the latter played the role of mediator and increased its international status." (445) The fact that Russian troops entered Kosovo before NATO troops was viewed by the Chinese as even further evidence of Russian power and a sign of potential growth and influence in the future. http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/china/doctrine/pills2/part07.htmIraq's dictator has made a public show of producing and destroying a few missiles -- missiles that violate the restrictions set out more than 10 years ago. Yet, our intelligence shows that even as he is destroying these few missiles, he has ordered the continued production of the very same type of missiles. Iraqi operatives continue to hide biological and chemical agents to avoid detection by inspectors. In some cases, these materials have been moved to different locations every 12 to 24 hours, or placed in vehicles that are in residential neighborhoods. We know from multiple intelligence sources that Iraqi weapons scientists continue to be threatened with harm should they cooperate with U.N. inspectors. Scientists are required by Iraqi intelligence to wear concealed recording devices during interviews, and hotels where interviews take place are bugged by the regime. These are not the actions of a regime that is disarming. These are the actions of a regime engaged in a willful charade. These are the actions of a regime that systematically and deliberately is defying the world. If the Iraqi regime were disarming, we would know it, because we would see it. Iraq's weapons would be presented to inspectors, and the world would witness their destruction. Instead, with the world demanding disarmament, and more than 200,000 troops positioned near his country, Saddam Hussein's response is to produce a few weapons for show, while he hides the rest and builds even more. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_030703.htmIf our enemies dare to strike us, they and all who have aided them, will face fearful consequences. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmWe are now acting because the risks of inaction would be far greater. In one year, or five years, the power of Iraq to inflict harm on all free nations would be multiplied many times over. With these capabilities, Saddam Hussein and his terrorist allies could choose the moment of deadly conflict when they are strongest. We choose to meet that threat now, where it arises, before it can appear suddenly in our skies and cities. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmWe are now acting because the risks of inaction would be far greater. In one year, or five years, the power of Iraq to inflict harm on all free nations would be multiplied many times over. With these capabilities, Saddam Hussein and his terrorist allies could choose the moment of deadly conflict when they are strongest. We choose to meet that threat now, where it arises, before it can appear suddenly in our skies and cities.The times in which we live and work are changing dramatically. The workers of our parents' generation typically had one job, one skill, one career often with one company that provided health care and a pension. And most of those workers were men. Today, workers change jobs, even careers, many times during their lives, and in one of the most dramatic shifts our society has seen, two-thirds of all moms also work outside the home. This changed world can be a time of great opportunity for all Americans to earn a better living, support your family, and have a rewarding career. And government must take your side. Many of our most fundamental systems the tax code, health coverage, pension plans, worker training were created for the world of yesterday, not tomorrow. We will transform these systems so that all citizens are equipped, prepared and thus truly free to make your own choices and pursue your own dreams. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmAs I've traveled the country, I've met many workers and small business owners who have told me they are worried they cannot afford health care. More than half of the uninsured are small business employees and their families. In a new term, we must allow small firms to join together to purchase insurance at the discounts available to big companies. We will offer a tax credit to encourage small businesses and their employees to set up health savings accounts, and provide direct help for low-income Americans to purchase them. These accounts give workers the security of insurance against major illness, the opportunity to save tax-free for routine health expenses and the freedom of knowing you can take your account with you whenever you change jobs. And we will provide low-income Americans with better access to health care: In a new term, I will ensure every poor county in America has a community or rural health center. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmAnother drag on our economy is the current tax code, which is a complicated mess filled with special interest loopholes, saddling our people with more than six billion hours of paperwork and headache every year. The American people deserve and our economic future demands a simpler, fairer, pro-growth system. In a new term, I will lead a bipartisan effort to reform and simplify the federal tax code. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmFor Russia, it is the most realistic and ideal choice to enhance its cooperation with China so as to enter the Asia-Pacific economic and political space as soon as possible. . . . After the disintegration of the Soviet Union, certain changes have taken place in the geopolitical situation which are unfavorable to Russia. From the west, the eastern expansion of NATO has taken on a strong momentum, while in the south it is facing infiltration of the separatists. . . . Russia has made it the top priority to establish "good neighboring areas." Developing relations with China is significant not only for the improvement of Russia's surrounding environment, but also for the future prospect of its far east area. http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/china/doctrine/pills2/part07.htmAs I have traveled our country, I have met too many good doctors, especially ob-gyn, who are being forced out of practice because of the high cost of lawsuits. To make health care more affordable and accessible, we must pass medical liability reform now. And in all we do to improve health care in America, we will make sure that health decisions are made by doctors and patients, not by bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmThis path begins with our youngest Americans. To build a more hopeful America, we must help our children reach as far as their vision and character can take them. Tonight, I remind every parent and every teacher, I say to every child: No matter what your circumstance, no matter where you live your school will be the path to the promise of America. We are transforming our schools by raising standards and focusing on results. We are insisting on accountability, empowering parents and teachers and making sure that local people are in charge of their schools. By testing every child, we are identifying those who need help and we're providing a record level of funding to get them that help. In northeast Georgia, Gainesville Elementary School is mostly Hispanic and 90% poor and this year 90% of its students passed state tests in reading and math. The principal expresses the philosophy of his school this way: "We don't focus on what we can't do at this school; we focus on what we can do. We do whatever it takes to get kids across the finish line." http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmSoprattutto avrebbero ottimi motivi per agire di conseguenza e modificare radicalmente la legge. Non si dicono tutti, a parole, gran riformisti e liberali? Ebbene, se c'e` una grande riforma liberale di cui l'Italia ha urgenza e` la fine dei monopoli televisivi, com'e` avvenuto gia` in tutta Europa, grazie a governi di destra, di centro e di sinistra. Non hanno tutti a cuore il ritorno al "primato della politica"? Allora prendano atto che a minacciare e avvilire il primato della politica nell'ultimo decennio non e` stato un pugno di magistrati milanesi e tantomeno i movimenti della cosidetta "antipolitica". E` stato lo strapotere mediatico di uno solo a minacciare prima, dunque asservire e infine sostituirsi alla politica. http://www.repubblica.it/2003/l/sezioni/politica/gasparri3/maltes/maltes.htmlE` assai piu` facile che la maggioranza decida di blindare le reti di Berlusconi con un decreto immediato e quindi si dedichi in Parlamento a un lieve ritocco estetico all'impresentabile riforma. Le conseguenze in questo caso sono semplici da immaginare. L'Italia di Berlusconi sarebbe ridotta a zimbello dell'Europa, che ha gia` giudicato questa legge vergognosa. L'immagine complessiva del capitalismo italiano, gia` pessima, precipiterebbe a livelli da terzo mondo. La Gasparri infatti non e` soltanto un monumento al conflitto d'interessi, che grazie al cielo in tutte le democrazie rimane una malattia da combattere, come testimonia lo scandalo americano intorno agli appalti in Iraq. Non e` soltanto antidemocratica. E` anche antieconomica. Quando Berlusconi e Fede piangono per i mille posti di lavoro di Rete4 in pericolo (in realta` sono meno della meta`), qualcuno dovrebbe ricordare che Mediaset, con i suoi soli 3.500 dipendenti e il 35 per cento della raccolta pubblicitaria globale, da anni di fatto impedisce la creazione di decine di migliaia di nuovi posti di lavoro. Quando il ministro Gasparri spiega che la sua legge rimedia al nanismo delle imprese editoriali italiane, qualcuno dovrebbe spiegare che il nanismo deriva dal fatto che Mediaset non conta nulla oltre Chiasso e regalarle il monopolio in patria non servira` di sicuro a renderla piu` competitiva sul mercato mondiale. Al contrario, e` la garanzia del declino del settore, com'e` accaduto in passato per la chimica, i computer e l'automobile. http://www.repubblica.it/2003/l/sezioni/politica/gasparri3/maltes/maltes.html"Questa riforma, che serve con tutta evidenza gli interessi del gruppo Mediaset di proprieta` di Silvio Berlusconi, rappresenta un pericolo per l'autonomia della televisione pubblica e una minaccia per il pluralismo dell'informazione. In nome della liberta` di stampa, Le chiediamo di non promulgare questa legge", ha scritto Robert Me`nard, segretario generale di Reporter senza frontiere, in una lettera indirizzata al presidente della Repubblica, Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. "La concentrazione nelle mani di una sola persona, di un imponente impero mediatico e del potere politico, continua a rappresentare un'anomalia unica in Europa. La legge sul sistema radiotelevisivo, come peraltro il progetto di legge sul conflitto di interessi, non fanno che aggravare questa situazione. Con la loro approvazione, l'Unione europea darebbe un pessimo esempio ai paesi che devono ancora integrare i principi della liberta` di stampa e della democrazia", ha aggiunto. La legge Gasparri elimina di fatto l'interdizione fatta a una sola persona, di detenere piu` di due reti televisive nazionali. http://www.repubblica.it/2003/l/sezioni/politica/gasparri3/reporter/reporter.htmlOf course it's also possible, as the Christian believes, that there's an afterlife, in which God will compensate us for the harms that we have borne if we have borne these in courage, faith, and trust in Him. Every immoral act will be punished. So, if you put that into the equation, I think it makes it clear that it is not necessarily true that an all-good God would have to create a world in which there is no harm. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlSecondly, if God is all-powerful, can He in fact create a world of free creatures in which no harm occurs? I think this is clearly not necessarily true. Given human freedom, God cannot guarantee how people are going to use that freedom. And if He intervenes every time to prevent people from choosing evil, then we turn into puppets or marionettes. So if God is going to create a world of significantly free moral agents, He has to allow them to make choices for evil, and therefore it may not be within God's power to create a world of free creatures in which evil does not exist. Therefore, I don't think Dr. Washington has been able to prove either of these premises to be necessarily true. And therefore he hasn't been able to prove that harm and God are logically incompatible. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlMy opponent recently announced that he is the candidate of "conservative values," which must have come as a surprise to a lot of his supporters. Now, there are some problems with this claim. If you say the heart and soul of America is found in Hollywood, I'm afraid you are not the candidate of conservative values. If you voted against the bipartisan Defense of Marriage Act, which President Clinton signed, you are not the candidate of conservative values. If you gave a speech, as my opponent did, calling the Reagan presidency eight years of "moral darkness," then you may be a lot of things, but the candidate of conservative values is not one of them. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmAgain, my opponent and I have different approaches. I proposed, and the Congress overwhelmingly passed, $87 billion in funding needed by our troops doing battle in Afghanistan and Iraq. My opponent and his running mate voted against this money for bullets, and fuel, and vehicles, and body armor. When asked to explain his vote, the Senator said, "I actually did vote for the $87 billion before I voted against it." Then he said he was "proud" of that vote. Then, when pressed, he said it was a "complicated" matter. There is nothing complicated about supporting our troops in combat. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmWe'll offer America's workers a lifetime of learning, and help them get training for jobs of the future at places like our community colleges. The education and training they offered can bridge -- can be the bridge between people's lives as they are, and people's lives as they want them to be. Today, I met Kristin Heydt. She's from Springfield, as well. She used to be a bank teller. With the tax relief she and her family had as a result of the tax cuts, she went back to school. She's now a nurse. She completed a program. She now makes three times the amount of money she made before, because of education. (Applause.) http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_073104.htmBecause we acted, our economy since last summer has grown at a rate as fast as any in nearly 20 years. (Applause.) Because we acted, America has added more than 1.5 million new jobs since last August. (Applause.) Because we acted, Missouri has added more than 82,000 jobs over the past 11 months; your unemployment rate is now 5.2 percent. (Applause.) When it comes to creating jobs for America's workers, we are turning the corner and we are not turning back. (Applause.) Today, I met a fellow named Kit Carson. He's a small business owner here in Springfield. The most new jobs in America are created by small business owners. That's why the cornerstone of our tax relief plan says we're going to help the small business owners. (Applause.) Here's what he said about tax relief. This is a fellow who's hiring people right here in this area; this is a fellow who's making investments. He said the effect is already -- is showing already. It's going to get better. I'm an optimistic guy, he says; I think we might see a boom bigger than the 90's. The tax relief we passed is working. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_073104.htmWe have more to do to make America's public schools the centers of excellence we all know they can be, so that no child is left behind in America. When we came to office three-and-a-half years ago, too many of our children were being shuffled from grade to grade, year after year, without learning the basics. We're challenging the soft bigotry of low expectations. We've raised the bar. We're setting high standards. We're focusing on results. We're insisting on accountability. We're empowering parents. We're making sure local folks are in charge of schools. And, today, children across America are showing real, substantial progress in reading and math. (Applause.) When it comes to improving America's public schools, we are turning the corner and we're not turning back. (Applause.) This world of ours is changing. The jobs of the future will require greater knowledge and higher level skills. We'll reform our high schools to make sure a high school diploma means something. We will expand math and science education so our young people can compete in a high tech world. We will expand the use of the Internet to bring high-level training into our classrooms. With four more years, we'll help a rising generation gain the skills and the confidence to achieve the American Dream. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_073104.htmOur allies also know the historic importance of our work. About 40 nations stand beside us in Afghanistan, and some 30 in Iraq. And I deeply appreciate the courage and wise counsel of leaders like Prime Minister Howard, and President Kwasniewski, and Prime Minister Berlusconi and, of course, Prime Minister Tony Blair. Again, my opponent takes a different approach. In the midst of war, he has called America's allies, quote, a "coalition of the coerced and the bribed." That would be nations like Great Britain, Poland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Denmark, El Salvador, Australia, and others allies that deserve the respect of all Americans, not the scorn of a politician. I respect every soldier, from every country, who serves beside us in the hard work of history. America is grateful, and America will not forget. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmThe people we have freed won't forget either. Not long ago, seven Iraqi men came to see me in the Oval Office. They had "X"s branded into their foreheads, and their right hands had been cut off, by Saddam Hussein's secret police, the sadistic punishment for imaginary crimes. During our emotional visit one of the Iraqi men used his new prosthetic hand to slowly write out, in Arabic, a prayer for God to bless America. I am proud that our country remains the hope of the oppressed, and the greatest force for good on this earth. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmIn Saddam Hussein, we saw a threat. Members of both political parties, including my opponent and his running mate, saw the threat, and voted to authorize the use of force. We went to the United Nations Security Council, which passed a unanimous resolution demanding the dictator disarm, or face serious consequences. Leaders in the Middle East urged him to comply. After more than a decade of diplomacy, we gave Saddam Hussein another chance, a final chance, to meet his responsibilities to the civilized world. He again refused, and I faced the kind of decision that comes only to the Oval Office? a decision no president would ask for, but must be prepared to make. Do I forget the lessons of September 11th and take the word of a madman, or do I take action to defend our country? Faced with that choice, I will defend America every time. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmMy concerns about the senator is that, in the course of this campaign, I've been listening very carefully to what he says, and he changes positions on the war in Iraq. He changes positions on something as fundamental as what you believe in your core, in your heart of hearts, is right in Iraq. You cannot lead if you send mixed messages. Mixed messages send the wrong signals to our troops. Mixed messages send the wrong signals to our allies. Mixed messages send the wrong signals to the Iraqi citizens. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlThe actions of our enemies over the last few weeks have been brutal, calculating, and instructive. We've seen a car bombing take the life of a 61-year-old Iraqi named Izzedin Saleem, who was serving as President of the Governing Council. This crime shows our enemy's intention to prevent Iraqi self-government, even if that means killing a lifelong Iraqi patriot and a faithful Muslim. Mr. Saleem was assassinated by terrorists seeking the return of tyranny and the death of democracy. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_052504.htmAmerica has done this kind of work before and there have always been doubters. In 1946, 18 months after the fall of Berlin to allied forces, a journalist wrote in the New York Times, "Germany is ... a land in an acute stage of economic, political and moral crisis. [European] capitals are frightened. In every [military] headquarters, one meets alarmed officials doing their utmost to deal with the consequences of the occupation policy that they admit has failed." End quote. Maybe that same person's still around, writing editorials. Fortunately, we had a resolute president named Truman, who with the American people persevered, knowing that a new democracy at the center of Europe would lead to stability and peace. And because that generation of Americans held firm in the cause of liberty, we live in a better and safer world today http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmAnother objection: The greater goods defense can easily lead to a kind of cost benefit analysis which is deeply repugnant to our moral sense. Consider the kind of case which troubled Ivan in Dostoevsky's great novel, The Brothers Karamazov. A little girl is treated quite brutally by her parents, who beat her because she has done something which made them angry. Perhaps she wets the bed repeatedly, and they think she ought to be old enough to control her bladder. Or perhaps the father is an alcoholic who abuses his daughter sexually. The Brothers Karamazov is fiction, but to hear about real cases like this, you need only listen regularly to the 11 o'clock news. 35. The free will defense seems to say, in cases of this kind: well, it's all very unfortunate, of course, but this is the price we must pay for having freedom. For the father to have the opportunity to display moral goodness, God must give him the opportunity to choose evil. You can't have the one opportunity without the other. And the father's having the opportunity to display moral goodness is such a great good that it outweighs the fact that he chooses evil. 36. But notice who gets the good here. It's the father. And notice who suffers the evil. It's the little girl. Let us grant, for the sake of argument, that the benefit outweighs the cost. Freedom is a very great good. Still it makes some difference who pays the cost. Freedom may be a great good, even a good so great that it would outweigh really horrendous suffering. But justice requires some attention, not only to the net amount of good, after you have subtracted the evil, but also to the way the goods and evils are distributed. Some distributions just aren't fair. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley03.htmlIl giurista: la soluzione verra` dalle regole comunitarie ma questa non puo` essere una scappatoia per Ciampi "La legge Gasparri puo` essere disapplicata immediatamente dall'autorita` antitrust italiana, o dal giudice ordinario. Basta che un concorrente impugni un contratto pubblicitario di Mediaset o della Rai, e il giudice e` tenuto a disapplicare la Gasparri. Quel contratto costituisce infatti un abuso di posizione dominante. Il diritto europeo e` chiaro su questo punto, e il diritto europeo in questa materia prevale sulle leggi nazionali: i tribunali italiani non hanno altra scelta se non quella di applicarlo". Il giurista Guido Rossi, padre della Consob e della legge antitrust, consulente della Commissione europea per la riforma del diritto societario, e` tassativo. http://www.repubblica.it/2003/k/sezioni/politica/gasparri2/guidorossi/guidorossi.htmlWe have more to do to wage and win the war against terror. America's future depends on our willingness to lead in the world. If America shows uncertainty and weakness in this decade, the world will drift toward tragedy. This will not happen on my watch. (Applause.) The world -- the world changed on a terrible September morning. And since that day, we changed the world. Before September the 11th, Afghanistan served as the home base for al Qaeda, which trained and deployed thousands of killers and set up terror cells in dozens of countries, including our own. Today, Afghanistan is a rising democracy, an ally in the war on terror, a place where many young girls go to school for the first time. And as a result of our actions, America and the world are safer. (Applause.) Before September the 11th, Pakistan was a safe transit point for terrorists. Today, Pakistani forces are aggressively helping to round up the terrorists, and America and the world are safer. (Applause.) Before September the 11th, in Saudi Arabia, terrorists were raising money and recruiting and operating with little opposition. Today, the Saudi government has taken the fight to al Qaeda, and America and the world are safer. (Applause.) Before September the 11th, Libya was spending millions to acquire weapons of mass destruction. Today, because America and our allies have sent a strong and clear massage, the leader of Libya has abandoned his pursuit of weapons of mass destruction and America and the world are safer. (Applause.) Before September the 11th, the ruler of Iraq was a sworn enemy of America. He was defying the world. He was firing weapons at American pilots and forcing the world to sanctions. He has pursued and used weapons of mass destruction against his own people. He had harbored terrorists, he invaded his neighbors, he subsidized the families of suicide bombers. He had murdered tens of thousands of his own citizens. He was a source of great instability in the world's most vulnerable region. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_073104.htmIn these crucial times, our commitments have been kept by the men and women of our military. (Applause.) I thank those who are here today who wear our uniform, and I thank their families, as well. (Applause.) I've seen their great decency and the unselfish courage of those who wear our uniform. The cause of freedom is in good hands. And when these good folks are in harm's way, they deserve the best pay, the best equipment, the best possible training. (Applause.) That's why last September, when our troops were in combat in both Afghanistan and Iraq, I proposed supplemental funding to support them in their missions. The legislation provided for body armor and vital equipment, hazard pay, health benefits, ammunition, fuel, spare parts. In the Senate, only a handful of what I would call "out of the mainstream" folks -- that would be 12 senators -- voted against that legislation. Two of the 12 are my opponent and his running mate. (Applause.) http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_073104.htmWe did not seek this war on terror, but this is the world as we find it. We must keep our focus. We must do our duty. History is moving, and it will tend toward hope, or tend toward tragedy. Our terrorist enemies have a vision that guides and explains all their varied acts of murder. They seek to impose Taliban-like rule, country by country, across the greater Middle East. They seek the total control of every person, and mind, and soul, a harsh society in which women are voiceless and brutalized. They seek bases of operation to train more killers and export more violence. They commit dramatic acts of murder to shock, frighten and demoralize civilized nations, hoping we will retreat from the world and give them free rein. They seek weapons of mass destruction, to impose their will through blackmail and catastrophic attacks. None of this is the expression of a religion. It is a totalitarian political ideology, pursued with consuming zeal, and without conscience. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_052504.htmWe've also seen images of a young American facing decapitation. This vile display shows a contempt for all the rules of warfare, and all the bounds of civilized behavior. It reveals a fanaticism that was not caused by any action of ours, and would not be appeased by any concession. We suspect that the man with the knife was an al Qaeda associate named Zarqawi. He and other terrorists know that Iraq is now the central front in the war on terror. And we must understand that, as well. The return of tyranny to Iraq would be an unprecedented terrorist victory, and a cause for killers to rejoice. It would also embolden the terrorists, leading to more bombings, more beheadings, and more murders of the innocent around the world. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_052504.htmWe've also seen images of a young American facing decapitation. This vile display shows a contempt for all the rules of warfare, and all the bounds of civilized behavior. It reveals a fanaticism that was not caused by any action of ours, and would not be appeased by any concession. We suspect that the man with the knife was an al Qaeda associate named Zarqawi. He and other terrorists know that Iraq is now the central front in the war on terror. And we must understand that, as well. The return of tyranny to Iraq would be an unprecedented terrorist victory, and a cause for killers to rejoice. It would also embolden the terrorists, leading to more bombings, more beheadings, and more murders of the innocent around the world.Helping construct a stable democracy after decades of dictatorship is a massive undertaking. Yet we have a great advantage. Whenever people are given a choice in the matter, they prefer lives of freedom to lives of fear. Our enemies in Iraq are good at filling hospitals, but they do not build any. They can incite men to murder and suicide, but they cannot inspire men to live, and hope, and add to the progress of their country. The terrorists' only influence is violence, and their only agenda is death. Our agenda, in contrast, is freedom and independence, security and prosperity for the Iraqi people. And by removing a source of terrorist violence and instability in the Middle East, we also make our own country more secure http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_052504.htmThe rise of a free and self-governing Iraq will deny terrorists a base of operation, discredit their narrow ideology, and give momentum to reformers across the region. This will be a decisive blow to terrorism at the heart of its power, and a victory for the security of America and the civilized world. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_052504.htmThe June 30th transfer of sovereignty is an essential commitment of our strategy. Iraqis are proud people who resent foreign control of their affairs, just as we would. After decades under the tyrant, they are also reluctant to trust authority. By keeping our promise on June 30th, the coalition will demonstrate that we have no interest in occupation. And full sovereignty will give Iraqis a direct interest in the success of their own government. Iraqis will know that when they build a school or repair a bridge, they're not working for the Coalition Provisional Authority, they are working for themselves. And when they patrol the streets of Baghdad, or engage radical militias, they will be fighting for their own country. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_052504.htmBefore technology, the Mentawai people lived on the land and used the rain forests' resources for their needs. Since the people didn't have the power and/or enough resources to manage, control, and protect the land, the government wanted to take control of it. Their plan for the land was to conserve and use it wisely; to make better homes and schools for the people. I think that the government should take control of the land, that way the land is distributed evenly for the people and not gone to waste, or towards unnessisary needs http://www.teachtsp2.com/cdonline/Our actions, too, are guided by a vision. We believe that freedom can advance and change lives in the greater Middle East, as it has advanced and changed lives in Asia, and Latin America, and Eastern Europe, and Africa. We believe it is a tragedy of history that in the Middle East -- which gave the world great gifts of law and science and faith -- so many have been held back by lawless tyranny and fanaticism. We believe that when all Middle Eastern peoples are finally allowed to live and think and work and worship as free men and women, they will reclaim the greatness of their own heritage. And when that day comes, the bitterness and burning hatreds that feed terrorism will fade and die away. America and all the world will be safer when hope has returned to the Middle East http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_052504.htmWe are on the path to the future and we are not turning back. In this world of change, some things do not change: the values we try to live by, the institutions that give our lives meaning and purpose. Our society rests on a foundation of responsibility and character and family commitment. Because family and work are sources of stability and dignity, I support welfare reform that strengthens family and requires work. Because a caring society will value its weakest members, we must make a place for the unborn child. Because religious charities provide a safety net of mercy and compassion, our government must never discriminate against them. Because the union of a man and woman deserves an honored place in our society, I support the protection of marriage against activist judges. And I will continue to appoint federal judges who know the difference between personal opinion and the strict interpretation of the law. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmIo so che voi non avete animo di divenire spagnuolo, e per cio` non vi voglio qua donare ne` castel ne` citta`, ma quel forziere che la fortuna vi tolse, quello in dispetto di lei voglio che sia vostro, accio` che nelle vostre contrade nel possiate portare, e della vostra virtu` con la testimonianza de'miei doni meritamente gloriar vi possiate co'vostri vicini. http://www.crs4.it/Letteratura/Decamerone/Decima/10_01.htmEd essendovi gia` buon tempo dimorato, e molto alle maniere del re riguardando, gli parve che esso ora ad uno e ora ad un altro donasse castella e citta` e baronie assai poco discretamente, si` come dandole a chi nol valea; e per cio` che a lui, che da quello che egli era si teneva, niente era donato, estimo` che molto ne diminuisse la fama sua; per che di partirsi dilibero`, e al re domando` commiato http://www.crs4.it/Letteratura/Decamerone/Decima/10_01.htmMoral evil should be admitted or permitted only insofar as it is regarded as the necessary consequence of an indispensable duty, in circumstances such that the person who would like to prevent another s sin would fail in his own duty if he did; as if an officer with the duty of guarding an important post were to leave it, particularly at a time of danger, in order to stop a quarrel in the town between two soldiers of the garrison who were on the point of killing one other. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.360The noble Brutus hath told you Caesar was ambitious. If it were so, it was a grievous fault, and grievously hath Caesar answer'd it. Here under leave of Brutus and the rest (for Brutus is an honorable man, so are they all, all honorable men) come I to speak in Caesar's funeral. He was my friend, faithful and just to me; but Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man. He hath brought many captives home to Rome, whose ransoms did the general coffers fill: did this in Caesar seem ambitious? When that the poor have cried, Caesar hath wept; Ambition should be made of sterner stuff: Yet Brutus says he was ambitious, and sure he is an honorable man.... C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.361 http://www.bookrags.com/notes/jc/PART9.htmAn honourable man must live almost like a great prince who finds himself in a foreign country without subjects and retinue and who is reduced by fortune to behaving like an honourable private person C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.365It was a strange thing that the Dread Goddesses could without loss of dignity submit to the judgement of the Areopagus, and yet Mixidemides could not C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.363I would be the most unfortunate of men, if, after spending a great deal of my money for the state, I should be accused of coveting that of others and of not caring for your bad opinion, when people can see that I set less store, not only on my property, but even on my life, than on your good opinion of me. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.299Even if we reject that particular notion of Aristotle, we are necessarily led by our ignorance to accept others that must have lain in him at the root of that one. A man who takes the trouble to draw up an apology for slavery cannot be a lover of justice. The age in which he lived has nothing to do with it. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.299The Koran said Saint Matthew was an honest man. Therefore Mahomet was a false prophet for calling honest men wicked or for not agreeing with what they have said of Jesus Christ C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.300A is the child of B A is the son or daughter of B C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.215And you know very well too that all the wrongs the Greeks suffered from the Lacedaemonians or from us, they at least suffered at the hands of true-born sons of Greece. It was just what happens in a noble house when a legitimate son manages his estate badly. He certainly deserves blame and reproach, but it cannot be said that he was not the legitimate heir, or he has no rights to the property. But if some slave or suppositious son were ruining and spoiling property to which he had no title, how much more scandalous and intolerable everybody would have though it! Yet they show no such feeling with regard to Philip and his present actions, although not only he is not a Greek, and has nothing in common with the Greeks, but is not even a barbarian with an honourable origin! C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.383You, who are a king over a multitude ought not to be of the same mind as men at large, convinced that you do not appraise what things are worthy or what men are wise by the standard of the pleasure they bring you, but that you test them in the light of their practical value C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.366We feel no shock when our youth dies in us, though in essence and in truth this is a harder death than the final dissolution of a languishing body in the death of old age. For the leap from uncomfortable being to none at all is not as hard as it is from a flourishing, sprightly being to one that is full of pain and trouble. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.348Experimental medicine practiced on animals accepted the idea that, for the furtherance of human medicine, animals might be sacrificed. Soon the idea arose that, for the benefit of all mankind, some human beings could be sacrificed. At first this idea certainly raised strong inner defences, but habit always finally prevails. People begin by accepting the idea of experimenting on men under sentence of death, then comes the idea of experimenting on ordinary prisoners, and finally there arises the idea of experimenting on one s enemies! The progress of ideas is, as one sees, extremely formidable and at the same time very insidious. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.284Hence it can be maintained that the nationalization of a concern, or even of a whole industrial branch, is not a socialistic measure since the rest of the economy continues to be based on the principle of private initiative and of the market economy since the nationalized branch is itself subject to the discipline of the market, particularly by paying its way by means of sales rather than by means of subsidies from the state. The only point we want to stress is that, between a socialized economy and one certain branches of which have been nationalized, there is more than a quantitative difference. The atmosphere is different, or, at least, might be different C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.285Wicked actions should not be judged by their results, but by the wickedness which they imply. The substance of the wrongdoing may be greater or smaller, but the act in itself comprises neither the greater nor the smaller. If a pilot loses a vessel loaded with gold rather than a barge loaded with straw, there will be some difference in the amount of the loss, but none in the incompetence of the pilot. It is with evil-doing as it is sleeping over a boundary: once outside, the deed is done; however far you go beyond the fence, you add nothing to the wrong of having crossed it C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.345If even the gods are not omniscient, certainly men are not C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.343Temperance is beneficial, for licentiousness is harmful C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.341Very good, if you who are Aristophon would not betray the fleet, would I, who am Iphicrates? C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.340It is an indignity to put a Roman citizen in irons, a crime to beat him with rods, practically parricide to execute him. What shall I term the act of crucifying him? C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.343While I am well aware, Athenians, that to talk in this assembly about oneself and one s own speeches is a very profitable practice, if one has the necessary effrontery, I feel it is so vulgar and so offensive that, though I see the necessity, I shrink from it. I believe, however, that you will form a better judgement of what I am going to propose, if I remind you of a few things that I have said on former occasions C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.276You say: it is not necessary to suffer, but to get well. In this identification of moral activity with techniques, who does not recognize the philosophy of the pharisaic approximation, that is, of trickery? C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.275He [God] refuses to sinners nothing that they need. They require three things :divine mercy, divine power and divine patience C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.274Bob loves England. He is not a real Scot.Paolo always eats pasta. He is an Italian. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.339Thus, the Parians have honoured Archilochus, in spite of his bitter tongue; the Chians Homer, though he was not their countryman: the Mytilenaeans Sappho, though she was a woman; the Lacedaemonians Chilon , though they are the least literary of men [Everyone honours the wise] C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.354I further observe, that sin or moral turpitude doth not consist in the outward physical action or motion, but in the internal deviation of the will from the laws of reason and religion. This is plain, in that the killing of an enemy in a battle, or putting a criminal legally to death, is not thought sinful, though the outward act be the very same with that in the case of murder. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.354We must prepare for war against the king of Persia and not let him subdue Egypt. For Darius of old did not cross the Aegean until he had seized Egypt; but once he had seized it, he did cross. If therefore the present king seizes Egypt, he also will cross, and therefore we must not let him. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.352I thought that calumny was something too ignoble and black to put in the mouth of a princess who otherwise displays such noble and virtuous sentiments. Such low feelings seemed to be better suited to a nurse who could have more servile inclinations C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.323I thought that calumny was something too ignoble and black to put in the mouth of a princess who otherwise displays such noble and virtuous sentiments. Such low feelings seemed to be better suited to a nurse who could have more servile inclinationsElise called a Moroccan to unload her firewood, and he noticed a Frenchman supposed to be helping him but who does it so badly that he finally exclaims, to Elise s delight: To think I was colonized by that C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.322For it will be very difficult to persuade men of sense that he who with dry eyes and satisfaction of mind can deliver his brother to the executioners to be burnt alive, does sincerely and heartily concern himself to save that brother from the flames of hell in the world to come C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.203These broken fragments of men, who have only pieces of flesh remaining, get the same amount of food as the prisoners who are entirely sound. This is a great injustice. I suggest that prisoners should receive food rations in proportion to the amount of body they still have C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.220Would they claim, perhaps, that a treaty which is unfavourable to our city is binding, and yet refuse to recognize it if it gives us any guarantees? Do you find this just? What? If a clause of the treaty is favourable to our enemies but unfavourable to us, they insists that it is valid; but if, on the contrary, they find in it a clause which is just and advantageous for us and disadvantageous for them, they think they must oppose it vigorously. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.219Masters who direct the education of private persons serve only their pupils: but whoever would incline the people s leaders toward virtue would serve both those who are in power and those who are under their authority C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.232No peace and security, no, not so much as common friendship, can ever be established or preserved amongst men so long as this opinion prevails, that dominion is founded in grace and that religion is to be propagated by force of arms C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.266Since the quality of our judgements does not depend on our age but on our temperament and our faculty of attention, why not make it obligatory to call on the experience of two generations in order to make it possible the choice of the wisest counsel on all matters? C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.256What it is honourable to learn is also honourable to teach C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.221I have accused; you have condemned C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.223I believe only those stories for which the witnesses would readily die C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.249Bob is nasty, he told me that I am fat! - He is just a kid, you should not bother about what he says.Lawyer Martin defended a case of Mafia, therefore he is not a clean personO that they should love one other! They both loved me! C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.227That something more of this security exists at the present moment, I not only admit, but contend that the prospect is improving every day, and that this becomes more and more ascertained C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.288Certain Nazi torturers tried to explain how they reached the point of treating the prisoners with bestiality: the first pain inflicted on a man makes the perpetrator a sadist unless torture is continued up to the point when the victim talks. C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.281All the men do wrong from one of the three motives: A, B, or C; in my case A and B are out of the question, and even the accusers do not allege C C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.234The very impossibility of my proving that God does not exist persuades me of his existence C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.239You are treating me, father, more harshly than I deserve. Indeed, if you consider Chresphontes to be an evil man, why did you give him to me as a husband? If, on the other hand, he is a good man, why did you force me, against my will and his, to leave him? C. Perelman, L. Olbrechts-Tyteca The New Rhetoric, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame, 1971, p.238The rise of a free and self-governing Iraq will deny terrorists a base of operation, discredit their narrow ideology, and give momentum to reformers across the region. This will be a decisive blow to terrorism at the heart of its power, and a victory for the security of America and the civilized world.We don t know what types of medicines the Mentawai have made. Perhaps their medicines are more efficient than ours. Why should we assume that modern medicine would cure them? Perhaps they do not wish or need to be cured. Also, we do not know what the effect of modern medicine on their culture will be. If in fact the population grows, more resources will be needed from the rainforest. With the government threatening to take control of the land and take resources, raising the population could be detrimental to all of their lives. http://www.teachtsp2.com/cdonline/As far as the comment that we only use 10% of our brain's potential, as opposed to 10% of a physical part, this is silly too. First of all, the 10% number was invented. It's not based on anythingSaddam never had a collaborative relationship with al Qaeda. Even if Saddam s nuclear weapons program had made more progress than his crude attempt at a restart-the worst case-it was known to be less advanced than those of North Korea and Iran. As for giving expensive nuclear, biological, or chemical weapons to unpredictable terrorist groups: Iraq was less of a state-sponsor of terrorism than Iran or Syria and didn t sponsor groups that focused their attacks on the United States. After no weapons of mass destruction or Iraqi links with al Qaeda were found, the Bush administration s fallback rationale for war was liberating oppressed peoples and creating democracy that would spread throughout the Middle East. Of course, this social engineering project also could have been attempted in Syria, Iran, or with U.S. Gulf allies, such as Saudi Arabia, albeit probably no more successfully than in Iraq. So if the many and shifting stated justifications for the invasion fall apart under scrutiny, the average citizen is left to search for a legitimate secret reason for what has now become a deadly debacle. http://www.why-war.com/news/2004/09/14/haveusso.htmlI think that the people who live and work on the land should be the ones to profit from it.Opinion #3 is the opinion I agree with the most. The Mentawai people live their lives in Siberut without electricity, radios, televisions, and computers. They work hard to make their food, medicine, and building materials. The Mentawai know the land better than anyone else. They live off of this land and i think that they should profit from it. I think the government should give the Mentawai the land to grow their crops and get their medicine from. They have lived in this place for a long time and it would be very sad if they couldn't stay there because the government took their land away. http://www.teachtsp2.com/cdonline/Yesterday has been a wonderful day. In the morning we had great fun, and you cannot say that the afternoon was bad.What about the argument concerning the origin of the universe? He grants my two premises, that whatever begins to exist has a cause, and that the universe began to exist. He grants the conclusion, that there was a cause of the universe. But he says, "Why think that it has the properties of God?" Well, I tried to answer that a bit in my first speech. Since this cause has to transcend space and time, it cannot be any physical object. It cannot be any material object. It cannot be any spatial or temporal object. It has to be a being which is timeless, immaterial, spaceless, and therefore changeless, and enormously powerful in order to bring the universe into existence. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlSimilar schemes already operate in the US and South Africa. "In the US a similar scheme to ours has proved very popular indeed and has helped change behaviour, and as for people cheating the scheme there will be plenty of checks and balances in place," Ms McGrath said. The UK scheme is a joint venture with South http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/3706970.stmThis scheme is very innovative and a welcome development. But I am worried that the costs of monitoring people's fitness will ultimately be passed onto consumers through higher premiums," Julian Crooks, an independent financial adviser, told BBC News Online. Mr Crooks said that the 25% discount given to all policyholders after one year suggested the scheme could be too expensive to start with. Trips to the gym will be monitored In addition, Mr Crooks said that he was concerned that the scheme could be abused. "I question whether it can be proved 100% that people are making the strides that are being rewarded for." "For example, who is to tell whether someone is dropping into their health club for coffee and to read a newspaper rather than to take exercise." http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/3706970.stmThe hon. Member for Hazel Grove (Mr. Stunell) is interested in doing away not only with the DTI but with nuclear energy. Is my hon. Friend aware that if we had substituted gas-fired power stations for British Energy production, we would have created an extra 27 million tonnes of carbon emissions from August 2003 to August 2004? Is he not concerned about our being dependent on gas in future, and our losing energy production capacity in this country? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-02.htm#40916-02_wqn0The hon. Gentleman rightly raised it, but I question the tone in which he did so. Whose side is he on in the battle in Iraq? Is he on the side of creating a democratic Iraq in which its people can take control of their lives for the very first time for at least a generation, or does he want to carp and criticise, playing into the hands of the terrorists who are seeking to undermine our forces there? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-06.htm#40916-06_spnew0Does the Minister agree that British Energy needs all the help and support that it can get as it faces the future, and that we need to start building a consensus on the energy gap that we face, on Kyoto, and on the question of where we are going to derive our energy source from? We therefore need to encourage a sensible public debate, based on science and good information. If we do not encourage the British nuclear industry, we are likely to see in addition to the Liberal Democrats wishing to cut electricity cables from France, through which we receive nuclear-generated energy bids from Electricit de France to build nuclear power stations in this country, because we will have lost the capability. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-02.htm#40916-02_wqn0We have seen historically that the Liberal Democrats jump on any old passing bandwagon. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-02.htm#40916-02_wqn0The Prime Minister has described global warming as the most serious environmental threat to the planet, and we know that a major accelerator is the emission of carbon dioxide and other carbon gases. British Energy has pointed out that the generation of about 64 TWh or 64,000 GWh by its nuclear power stations avoids the production and generation of about 40 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Does the Minister believe that the Government should keep well under review, on a regular basis, their attitude towards nuclear power? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-02.htm#40916-02_wqn0Two post offices in my constituency closed even though Postwatch objected and supported the campaign against closure. On appeal, the Post Office decided to go ahead with the closures. Does that not show that Postwatch is a toothless tiger? Is it not about time that it was given powers to ensure that it can overrule the Post Office when it has serious objections to a closure? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-02.htm#40916-02_wqn0I thank my hon. Friend for that answer. Does he agree that increased trade between the EU and Israel is vital both economically, for the people of Israel and the Palestinian Authority areas whose economies are closely intertwined and politically, because it gives the EU a greater stake in the middle east and, therefore, further legitimises its role as a member of the Quartet? Conversely, however well intentioned calls for sanctions are, they would be damaging politically and economically. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-03.htm#40916-03_wqn0Does my right hon. Friend agree that pregnancy discrimination is still widespread? Has she heard of the case of the Cardiff manager who was advised by her boss to have an abortion or face the sack? Does she agree that the law should be made clearer and codified, as recommended by the Equal Opportunities Commission? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-04.htm#40916-04_wqn1My hon. Friend may be interested to know that I am in the process of establishing a new all-party group on conflict management and resolution. Does he agree that the lesson of Northern Ireland is that peace helps to generate trade and industry and that trade and industry help to generate peace? Is not that transferable to a new and enlivened peace process in Israel and Palestine? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-03.htm#40916-03_wqn0It's pointless to preserve species and habitats, for example, if climate change will destroy them anyway, or to develop novel crops if the water they need is not there. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/3686106.stmOn the question of Iraq, the hon. Gentleman gave a selective interpretation of what the UN Secretary-General said. He made his position clear, but from the outset the advice of the Attorney-General to the Government made it clear that authority to use force against Iraq derived from the combined effect of UN resolutions 678, 687 and 1441, all of which were adopted under chapter VII of the UN charter, which allows the use of force for the express purpose of restoring international peace and security. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-06.htm#40916-06_spnew0Mr. David Chaytor (Bury, North) (Lab): In the next few days, two British ships will arrive in Charleston, South Carolina to collect a shipment of 140 kg of weapons-grade plutonium. The plutonium, stripped out of American nuclear weapons, will then be transported back across the Atlantic to Cherbourg in northern France. Does my right hon. Friend think that, in the post-9/11 world, it makes any sense at all for a British company wholly owned by the state to engage in the new international trade in weapons-grade plutonium? May we have a debate on the environmental and security implications of that trade? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-08.htmThe early-day motion, which stands in my name but is signed by Members of all three major parties in the House, draws attention to the unacceptable position of widows and widowers of civil servants who were members of the pre-October 2002 civil service pension scheme. Indeed, widows and widowers of police officers are in the same position, in that they have their pension removed if they re-marry or cohabit. It is perfectly obvious when someone re-marries, but in the end, cohabiting can be proved only through snooping and spying, which is completely unacceptable and should not form part of modern pension arrangements. Will my right hon. Friend arrange for a debate, so that the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions can explain why the situation should not be changed? In my view, it should be changed. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-10.htmMr Howard hit a personal note as he described how his mother-in-law had died from a hospital-acquired infection and how his grandmother had been killed in a Nazi concentration camp. He said he would have been one of those killed in a concentration camp if it wasn't for Winston Churchill and for Britain: "I owe my life to Britain... I want to give Britain just a tiny bit back for what Britain has given me." http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/3714812.stmLiberal Democrat chairman Matthew Taylor said Mr Howard knew all about broken promises from his time in government. "Michael Howard's Conservatives now hint at tax cuts they can't afford except by cutting public services," he said. "No wonder they are falling in the polls." http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/3714812.stmIn the meantime, though, there are other problems about the appeal to freedom. There are evils whose occurrence has no discernible connection with freedom. Theologians call them natural evils, meaning such things as earthquakes, floods, tornadoes, diseases, and so on. If a deer dies in a forest fire, suffering horribly as it does so, that is an evil. It is not only human suffering we must take into account, when we are weighing good against evil in this world. 33. Now, if you accept anything like the theory of evolution, you will believe there were other animals on this planet long before humans appeared on the scene. Many of them must have suffered horribly as their species became extinct. None of that suffering can be justified as a necessary consequence of permitting humans freedom. We weren't around then. So, none of it seems beyond the power of omnipotence to prevent without the loss of that good. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley03.html But while it is not an easy job, it is, for the US and the Iraqi interim government, an essential one. If control is not established, the holding of elections in these places will be in doubt. And if large numbers of Sunni Muslims cannot vote, there is the risk of them becoming further alienated after the January poll. If that happens, the task of integrating Iraq's three constituencies of Sunnis, Shias and Kurds will be even harder to achieve http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3713614.stmAmre Moussa, Secretary-General, League of Arab States, Cairo, took issue with the idea that there are different forms of Islam that permit excesses. "Islam is a religion for all of us who believe in it. There are bad people who are giving us a bad time at this particular juncture. But the same applies to all religions." And like all other religions, Islam aims to help people in their daily lives and bring happiness. Government has the same aim and democracy as a system of government "has proven to be more effective and better than any other system." So there is no inherent contradiction between Islam and democracy http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/A%20Dialogue%20about%20Islam%20and%20Democracy_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004Many Arab and Muslim societies are now moving towards democracy, although this may take some time and the people have to be brought along with it. "It is not a process that can be imposed from above." Civil society is developing, and there are now over 100,000 NGOs in the Arab world, as well as widespread debate about the future conducted through an increasingly outspoken media. Any fair assessment will show that Arab countries are serious about the path on which they have embarked. But assertions from some people in the West that "we are coming to change you" are totally unacceptable. "We all have to work together, as we do at Davos, so that others can all understand what Islam is about, just as we Muslims should learn what Christianity, Judaism and Buddhism are all about. That is the way ahead. [Otherwise] a clash of civilizations will eat us all." http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/A%20Dialogue%20about%20Islam%20and%20Democracy_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004"We are making serious progress in defeating these extremists," the interim prime minister said, "and ensuring that democracy wins out in Iraq." But on a day during which the latest attack in Iraq claimed the lives of more than 40 people, most of them children, it looked like a hard claim to justify. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3705490.stmZarqawi's brother-in-law, Saleh al-Hami, had no apologies for the recent violence or kidnappings, such as the holding of the British man Ken Bigley. "Why are the British worried about this one man, and not about the thousands of Iraqis who have been killed or injured?" asked Mr al-Hami. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3691548.stmThey renewed a threat to kill Briton Kenneth Bigley, the last hostage, if female prisoners were not freed. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3677658.stmVideos should not be shown, they just act as advertising for the hostage takers. No negotiation should be entered into, if payment or agreement is entered into it will just encourage more incidents. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmMy heart goes out to Ken Bigley for every day, hour, minute, second he is suffering. I just pray that the hostage-takers are treating him with respect (as far as possible). These videos MUST be shown. It is the only way to provoke debate that is essential to maintain any democracy. I understand Mr Blair's dilemma, but can't get past the feeling that there has to be something that can be done to save this poor soul. Anon, Swindon, UK http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmIt is obvious that what is happening here is an attempt to discredit Blair and the British Government. I don't believe for one minute that those are really Ken Bigley's words. I do know that if I was taken hostage and given the chance to air my opinion on video; I wouldn't waist my time begging Blair for my life, I would be telling my loved ones how much I love them. The showing of the video is just playing into the hands of the terrorists so they are already getting what they want. This is a terrible situation, there is no doubt about that, but these are terrible people who cannot and should not be bargained with. BC, UK http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmAll non-military personnel taking assignments in Iraq should be implanted with GPS tracking devices. These devices need to have a pressure sensitive "panic mode" that would activate a signal similar to an EPIRB on marine vessels. Hopefully, this would make potential hostages less attractive if the terrorists knew there was a strong likelihood of their being brought to justice. Joe, Delaware Valley, USA http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmLast week, I was in Nigeria, which is home to one in 10 of the world's HIV positive population. The number of infected people in that country is estimated to reach 15 million by 2010. Those figures will outstrip the current number of people who are HIV-positive in southern Africa, where many people would agree that crisis point has already been reached. Yet it is still possible that, if we collectively do the right things now, we could avert the catastrophically high levels of infection that have been predicted, thereby reducing the subsequent death rates. It is important for the House to acknowledge that this is not just about Africa, although that is where we see the scale of the epidemic manifested most clearly. Asia and eastern Europe also face rapid increases, and there is a real danger of a generalised epidemic unless we take action now. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-14.htmTwelve million children have lost one or both of their parents to AIDS. Perhaps the House would just pause for a moment to contemplate losing the most important source of support that we rely on, certainly when we are young our parents, one or both. Think of all those children who are growing up without the care of a mother or father. To make matters worse, that number is estimated to become a staggering 18 million children by 2010. One of the consequences is that an entire generation of grandparents now have to look after an entire generation of their grandchildren, because the generation in between their children's generation is in the process of dying. If there is one thing that we as parents fear more than anything else it is that our children will die before we do, because that is not how it is meant to be; it is not in the natural order of things. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-14.htmSocieties will not prosper if minds are stifled by flawed knowledge systems," said Rima Khalaf Hunaidi, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), New York. She called for far-reaching reform across the Arab world, not only in education, but also to address growing deficits in freedom and women s empowerment. Khalaf, who has directed the UN s Arab Human Development Reports (AHDR), emphasised that reform needs to go well beyond the economic realm. http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Reform%20Update%3A%20The%20ABCs%20of%20Reform%20in%20the%20Middle%20East_2004?open&event_id=1185&year_id=2004This year s Global Competitiveness Report appears at a crossroads in the evolution of the global economy, when the strength of the economic recovery has left many observers pleasantly surprised. Industrial production has been expanding quickly, business confidence and investment growth have been buoyant, and global trade is growing at rates not seen for a decade. http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Global+Competitiveness+Programme%5CGlobal+Competitiveness+ReportAccusing the Palestinians of irresponsibility ignores the essential character of the conflict, responded Aaron D. Miller, President, Seeds of Peace, USA. Israel exercises the power of the strong, sometimes in legitimate self-defence, sometimes in illegitimate ways through settlement activity, for example. The Palestinians, on the other hand, rely on the power of the weak, which is based on the belief that the occupation relieves them of responsibility to combat terrorism. This fundamental asymmetry, Miller added, makes it impossible for Israelis and Palestinians to negotiate a solution without US aid. "I m well aware of the contradictions and inconsistencies of American foreign policy," Miller said. "But I m still convinced there will be no solution without a 24/7 approach to conflict resolution by the United States." http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Is%20There%20a%20Coherent%20US%20Foreign%20Policy%20for%20the%20Middle%20East%3F_2004?open&event_id=1185&year_id=2004While I feel dreadfully sorry for Ken Bigley and his family, after watching the latest video of him chained up, kept in a small cage, dressed in a orange boiler suit. It occurred to me that his situation is very similar to those being kept in Guantanamo bay. Blair condemns the treatment of Ken Bigley but never speaks out about the treatment of the men locked up illegally by his buddy Bush. Double standards me thinks. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmNabeel Shaath, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Palestinian Authority, offered a much more critical analysis of US policy, saying the failure to end the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories was at the root of many of the Middle East s woes. Decades of instability, he said, have reduced foreign investment in the region to a trickle. Meanwhile, relatively cheap oil prices sought by the United States have starved regional governments of funds for public infrastructure and social services. To break this vicious circle, Shaath said, the United States needs to recommit to the roadmap process, insist that Israel negotiate directly with the Palestinian Authority, and enforce a complete ceasefire on both sides. "I have not lost my hope for negotiations," Shaath said. "But America has a very important role to play." http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Is%20There%20a%20Coherent%20US%20Foreign%20Policy%20for%20the%20Middle%20East%3F_2004?open&event_id=1185&year_id=2004Ken Bigley went of his own free-will but isn't that the whole purpose of reconstruction - to encourage non military personnel to help in the reconstruction of Iraq. US/UK's lack of credibility will not help convert Iraqi's to democracy. Bush/Blair are too quick to condemn ''acts of terror'' but forget that Shock and Awe was a bigger and more lethal terror attack on Iraqi and their sovereignty. I find it laughable when Blair says he will not negotiate with terrorists. Until we get out of Iraq, Iraqis and there Allies (call them what we like) will continue to use all means necessary including kidnapping. How many Westerners were 'kidnapped' prior to the invasion? talk/negotiate except http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmKen Bigley went of his own free-will but isn't that the whole purpose of reconstruction - to encourage non military personnel to help in the reconstruction of Iraq. US/UK's lack of credibility will not help convert Iraqi's to democracy. Bush/Blair are too quick to condemn ''acts of terror'' but forget that Shock and Awe was a bigger and more lethal terror attack on Iraqi and their sovereignty. I find it laughable when Blair says he will not negotiate with terrorists. Until we get out of Iraq, Iraqis and there Allies (call them what we like) will continue to use all means necessary including kidnapping. How many Westerners were 'kidnapped' prior to the invasion? talk/negotiate exceptWe should not forget that the great majority of foreign hostages (if not all) went to Iraq of their own free choice and in many cases went because of the financial rewards. They must have weighed the risks against the rewards. This does not mean I am indifferent or unsympathetic to their plight, but I just don't think that the British, American (or any other government with citizens in Iraq) should be expected to give in to the kidnappers demands (and yes, I know I would probably be of a different opinion if I or someone close to me was in Ken Bigley's position) Rob Lovett, Swindon http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmWe should not forget that the great majority of foreign hostages (if not all) went to Iraq of their own free choice and in many cases went because of the financial rewards. They must have weighed the risks against the rewards. This does not mean I am indifferent or unsympathetic to their plight, but I just don't think that the British, American (or any other government with citizens in Iraq) should be expected to give in to the kidnappers demands (and yes, I know I would probably be of a different opinion if I or someone close to me was in Ken Bigley's position)Through this whole thing we have heard Tony Blair and co speak about how they will not talk to terrorists. So how come they have been talking to terrorists in the form of the IRA? Kita, Belfast, N Ireland http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmThrough this whole thing we have heard Tony Blair and co speak about how they will not talk to terrorists. So how come they have been talking to terrorists in the form of the IRA?As an Iraqi, I feel disgust and shame that such atrocities are carried out in my country. Iraqis are as much victims of these crimes as the foreigners who are trying to help Iraqis in reconstruction and humanitarian work. Very little coverage given to those Iraqis kidnapped for ransom or revenge. I put the blame completely on the US and British troops for not having a proper plan for the "morning after" the invasion, and the chaos that ensued. The borders are wide open to infiltrators, the country is awash with weapons of all types, and the streets are swarming with criminals and ex-Saddam loyalists. The focus should be on the overall picture (of mayhem and murder) rather than on one event (a kidnapping). The apparent current policy of waiting and seeing must change. Tony Blair and George Bush and the rest of the allied countries must inject massive resources and personnel immediately to deal with this. Secure the borders, round up the criminals, curfews, road blocks and checkpoints, and properly train and equip the new Iraqi army and police force. Be seen to care about the mess they have created. Lateef, Iraqi in Dublin http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/3701582.stmWe have committed ourselves to spend at least 1.5 billion over the next three years. That is a consequence of the outcome of the comprehensive spending review, which will involve further significant increases in the international development budget, including at least 150 million for orphans and other vulnerable children, especially in Africa. We made that commitment because when we consulted on our call for action, which we published in December last year, one of the messages that came back very strongly was that people did not think that the world or, indeed, the UK were doing enough for orphans and vulnerable children, and we reflected that in the strategy that we published in July. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-14.htmIn sub-Saharan Africa alone, some 12 million children have lost one or both parents to AIDS and it is predicted that the number of AIDS orphans will rise to 25 million by 2010. The Secretary of State said that the figure is 18 million, but the scale of the problem is so massive that it almost does not matter how many millions we cite. We must remember that the sufferers live in countries with a national income per head that is typically a small fraction of ours. In the fight against the disease, AIDS to Africa is the equivalent of the Somme to this country in 1916, or even much worse. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-16.htmHowever, if India's rate of infection were to rise to a mere in comparative terms 5 per cent., not only would millions more Indians be condemned to death, but so could millions of their neighbours. India's population alone is far bigger than Africa's. If the disease were to spread to Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan, we would face a regional epidemic affecting more than a quarter of those alive in the world today. Surely that means to be fair, I think the Secretary of State said this that although Africa is the worst affected area at the moment, and thus the natural primary focus of our efforts, there is compelling evidence that future programmes must be designed to arrest a potential massive explosion of HIV/AIDS elsewhere as well. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-16.htmHowever, if India's rate of infection were to rise to a mere in comparative terms 5 per cent., not only would millions more Indians be condemned to death, but so could millions of their neighbours. India's population alone is far bigger than Africa's. If the disease were to spread to Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan, we would face a regional epidemic affecting more than a quarter of those alive in the world today. Surely that means to be fair, I think the Secretary of State said this that although Africa is the worst affected area at the moment, and thus the natural primary focus of our efforts, there is compelling evidence that future programmes must be designed to arrest a potential massive explosion of HIV/AIDS elsewhere as well.The figures are appalling and the agony that they represent is especially severe for the developing world: children without parents; parents without children; children unable to go to school because they are orphans; countries unable to create wealth because their work force is dying of AIDS. This is a crisis that the world must know about and we cannot ignore it. So we fully support the millennium development goal to begin to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS. HIV/AIDS, poverty and the state of civil society are all linked. That goal must be central to any poverty reduction strategy and if, when we have the presidency of the EU and the G8, we make it a high, if not the top, priority, then all the better. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-16.htmI believe (no matter the pain) we should not give in to the terrorists. Broadcasting them on television has only made them bolder and aggressive. Linda Sepulvado, USA http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3691548.stmJack is an experienced teacher, because he spends hardly any time on lesson preparation Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 97Jack spends hardly any time on lesson preparation, because he is an experienced teacher. Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 98When people are over fifty this does not mean that their emotional life has become less active or has even disappeared. Romantic feelings can govern our life until we are very old. Did Picasso at the end of his life not write splendid letters to his young lover and did Richard Strauss not create his most lyrical songs when he was already over eighty? Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 98Not only consists the speech mainly of quotes, the speech is also stylistically awkward, eclectic and a-historic; the speech manifests a loss of depth and meaning, to mention just a few other definitions of postmodernism.It is not at all necessary to give James 10 dollars allowance, because his brother always get just 5 dollars a week Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 99Why not reread a book that you like now and again? Does not one also look at the same paintings again and again? And does not one listen to the same music all the time? Maugham resembles the person who has a room with beautiful view and decides to have the window plastered with paint after having looked out of it once or twice Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 100Lydia must have weak eyes because she is always reading in poor light Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 100Doctors should go back to wearing white jackets, because this will create distance (and it is a good thing to have a certain distance between the doctor and the patient) Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 101Doctors should stop wearing white jackets because this will create distance (and it is not a good thing to have distance between the doctor and the patient) Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 101Lydia must have read with a lot of poor light, because she has weak eyes Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 101Jack spends hardly any time on lesson preparation, because he is an experienced teacher.Bob: How is Maria like? Tim: She is blonde and tall Bob: Oh, she must be beautiful...Bob: How is Maria like?  Tim: She is blonde and tall  Bob: Oh, she must be beautiful...Bob: How is Maria like? Tim: She is beautiful! Bob: Therefore she is tall and blonde, I imageIt is obvious that children should ideally be raised in a family with both mother and a father, because it has been that way for thousands of years. Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 51Mrs. A. Gardner discourages people from participating in the so-called AFP test, which measures the chances of a pregnant having a baby with spina bifida or Down s syndrome. Mrs. Gardner knows all about the consequences of the AFP test. So why did she have such a test done herself? Because in fact she preferred not to have a mongoloid baby? Van Eemeren, Grootendost, Hekenmans, Argumentation, Lawrence Erlbaum, London, 2002, p. 113Experimental medicine practiced on animals accepted the idea that, for the furtherance of human medicine, animals might be sacrificed. Soon the idea arose that, for the benefit of all mankind, some human beings could be sacrificed. At first this idea certainly raised strong inner defences, but habit always finally prevails. People begin by accepting the idea of experimenting on men under sentence of death, then comes the idea of experimenting on ordinary prisoners, and finally there arises the idea of experimenting on one s enemies! The progress of ideas is, as one sees, extremely formidable and at the same time very insidious.Foreigners have no place in Iraq. There is no reason for the contractors to be there at all. It blows my mind. The question we should all be asking is why they are there at all? Why are the people of Iraq not rebuilding Iraq? They are unemployed, poverty stricken and destitute. Why are they not given jobs in rebuilding their own country? The people of Iraq should be given the jobs as phone repair, sewer maintenance, road builders, etc. Sandra, Niagara Falls, Canada http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3691548.stmBut the fact is that objective moral values do exist, and we all know it. There's no more reason to deny the objective existence of moral values than to deny the objective reality of the physical world. Actions like rape, torture, and child abuse aren't just socially unacceptable behavior. They're moral abominations. Even Ruse himself admits, "The man who says that it is morally acceptable to rape little children is just as mistaken as the man who says two plus two equals five."{15} Some things are really wrong. Similarly, love, equality, and self-sacrifice are really good. But if objective values cannot exist without God, and objective values do exist, then it follows logically and inescapably that God exists http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlI believe Tony Blair should negotiate with the hostage takers over Kenneth Bigley. He has already made a classic mistake by sending in British troops to Iraq based on false intelligence reports. This way he can go some small way to make up for his error and help save the life of an innocent victim. John Weightman, London http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3691548.stmI am really surprised by some people's comments here. Why are we not looking for the real reasons behind what's going on? Was there any beheading and hostage taking before the US-UK invasion for Iraq? I do not support the killing of any innocent people, but what would every one of you do if your country was invaded, your people were killed daily by the hundreds and nobody even bothered to count your dead innocent people? And why is it that when foreign citizens are killed in Iraq, it affects the reputation of Muslims, when the soldiers killing innocent Iraqis aren't hurting the reputation of Christianity? Why such double standards? Redar Hawleri, Erbil (Kurdistan-Iraq) http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3691548.stmLesotho's economy is in difficulty because it has lost most of the income it derived from migrant labour; it is also experiencing drought and food shortages. Many of the parents who used to work in South Africa are not getting work there any more; furthermore, migrant labourers are especially susceptible to HIV/AIDS problems. The scale of the deaths has led to a lack of community support systems, so there is real difficulty in supporting children. In addition, there is no legal framework to tackle many of the problems affecting the children, such as with their inheritance and property rights: for example, HIV/AIDS orphans have been threatened with having their houses bulldozed or taken away by family members, or questions have been raised about their parentage. The first lady pointed out that, as well as resources, there was a need for support for the structures and legal frameworks needed to unpick some of the complicated problems. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-17.htmThe political and economic framework in Kenya differs from that in Zimbabwe or Lesotho and, although organisations working with orphans and vulnerable children do not struggle to pay school fees, which are paid by the new Kenyan Government, they struggle to pay for school books, pencils, uniforms and so on. We may not appreciate the enormous lengths to which some organisations go to try to save children from an early death and to improve their health. I saw a little girl, for example, caring for her mother, who was dying from HIV/AIDS. The little girl did not have HIV/AIDS, but she had contracted tuberculosis from her mother, and it had entered her spine. She had substantial physical disabilities, needed to wear a special corset, and required corrective surgery at some stage. That is expensive in this country, but African organisations that are working with those children and saving them from otherwise certain death and putting them on the road to recovery are scratching around to find the money to provide a complex range of services and give those children a reasonable life. http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm040916/debtext/40916-17.htm- Amici miei, voi mi strignete a quello che io del tutto aveva disposto di non far mai, considerando quanto grave cosa sia a poter trovare chi co'suoi costumi ben si convenga, e quanto del contrario sia grande la copia, e come dura vita sia quella di colui che a donna non bene a se` conveniente s'abbatte. E il dire che voi vi crediate a'costumi de'padri e delle madri le figliuole conoscere, donde argomentate di darlami tal che mi piacera`, e` una sciocchezza; con cio` sia cosa che io non sappia dove i padri possiate conoscere, ne` come i segreti delle madri di quelle; quantunque, pur conoscendoli, sieno spesse volte le figliuole a'padri e alle madri dissimili. Ma poi che pure in queste catene vi piace d'annodarmi, e io voglio esser contento; e accio` che io non abbia da dolermi d'altrui che di me, se mal venisse fatto, io stesso ne voglio essere il trovatore, affermandovi che, cui che io mi tolga, se da voi non fia come donna onorata, voi proverete con gran vostro danno quanto grave mi sia l'aver contra mia voglia presa mogliere a'vostri prieghi. http://www.crs4.it/Letteratura/Decamerone/Decima/10_10.htm- Amici miei, voi mi strignete a quello che io del tutto aveva disposto di non far mai, considerando quanto grave cosa sia a poter trovare chi co'suoi costumi ben si convenga, e quanto del contrario sia grande la copia, e come dura vita sia quella di colui che a donna non bene a se` conveniente s'abbatte. E il dire che voi vi crediate a'costumi de'padri e delle madri le figliuole conoscere, donde argomentate di darlami tal che mi piacera`, e` una sciocchezza; con cio` sia cosa che io non sappia dove i padri possiate conoscere, ne` come i segreti delle madri di quelle; quantunque, pur conoscendoli, sieno spesse volte le figliuole a'padri e alle madri dissimili. Ma poi che pure in queste catene vi piace d'annodarmi, e io voglio esser contento; e accio` che io non abbia da dolermi d'altrui che di me, se mal venisse fatto, io stesso ne voglio essere il trovatore, affermandovi che, cui che io mi tolga, se da voi non fia come donna onorata, voi proverete con gran vostro danno quanto grave mi sia l'aver contra mia voglia presa mogliere a'vostri prieghi.- Amici miei, voi mi strignete a quello che io del tutto aveva disposto di non far mai, considerando quanto grave cosa sia a poter trovare chi co'suoi costumi ben si convenga, e quanto del contrario sia grande la copia, e come dura vita sia quella di colui che a donna non bene a se` conveniente s'abbatte. E il dire che voi vi crediate a'costumi de'padri e delle madri le figliuole conoscere, donde argomentate di darlami tal che mi piacera`, e` una sciocchezza; con cio` sia cosa che io non sappia dove i padri possiate conoscere, ne` come i segreti delle madri di quelle; quantunque, pur conoscendoli, sieno spesse volte le figliuole a'padri e alle madri dissimili. Ma poi che pure in queste catene vi piace d'annodarmi, e io voglio esser contento; e accio` che io non abbia da dolermi d'altrui che di me, se mal venisse fatto, io stesso ne voglio essere il trovatore, affermandovi che, cui che io mi tolga, se da voi non fia come donna onorata, voi proverete con gran vostro danno quanto grave mi sia l'aver contra mia voglia presa mogliere a'vostri prieghi.- Amici miei, voi mi strignete a quello che io del tutto aveva disposto di non far mai, considerando quanto grave cosa sia a poter trovare chi co'suoi costumi ben si convenga, e quanto del contrario sia grande la copia, e come dura vita sia quella di colui che a donna non bene a se` conveniente s'abbatte. E il dire che voi vi crediate a'costumi de'padri e delle madri le figliuole conoscere, donde argomentate di darlami tal che mi piacera`, e` una sciocchezza; con cio` sia cosa che io non sappia dove i padri possiate conoscere, ne` come i segreti delle madri di quelle; quantunque, pur conoscendoli, sieno spesse volte le figliuole a'padri e alle madri dissimili. Ma poi che pure in queste catene vi piace d'annodarmi, e io voglio esser contento; e accio` che io non abbia da dolermi d'altrui che di me, se mal venisse fatto, io stesso ne voglio essere il trovatore, affermandovi che, cui che io mi tolga, se da voi non fia come donna onorata, voi proverete con gran vostro danno quanto grave mi sia l'aver contra mia voglia presa mogliere a'vostri prieghi.Mitridanes, levatosi e preso il suo arco e la sua spada, che` altra arme non avea, e montato a cavallo, n'ando` al boschetto, e di lontano vide Natan tutto soletto andar passeggiando per quello, e diliberato, avanti che l'assalisse, di volerlo vedere e d'udirlo parlare, corse verso lui, e presolo per la benda la quale in capo avea, disse: - Vegliardo, tu se'morto. Al quale niuna altra cosa rispose Natan, se non: - Dunque, l'ho io meritato. Mitridanes, udita la voce e nel viso guardatolo, subitamente riconobbe lui esser colui che benignamente l'avea ricevuto e familiarmente accompagnato e fedelmente consigliato; per che di presente gli cadde il furore e la sua ira si converti` in vergogna. Laonde egli, gittata via la spada, la qual gia` per ferirlo aveva tirata fuori, da caval dismontato, piagnendo corse a'pie` di Natan http://www.crs4.it/Letteratura/Decamerone/Decima/10_03.htmIt appears to us to be too extreme a penalty to strike a solicitor off in circumstances where there is no substantive charge of dishonesty or recklessness; no finding that the Legal Aid Fund (or anybody else) paid out any money in respect of unjustified claims put forward by the solicitor or by staff under her actual supervision; no finding that she was paid anything at all in the course of the matters complained of; no finding of any cash shortage in relation to any of her clients; and no previous conviction which related to a period earlier than the offences with which she was now charged.The continuing survival of Darwinist orthodoxy illustrates Thomas Kuhn's famous point that the accumulation of anomalies never in itself falsifies a paradigm, because "To reject one paradigm without substituting another is to reject science itself."[ 5] This practice may be appropriate as a way of carrying on the professional enterprise called science, but it can be grossly misleading when it is imposed upon persons who are asking questions other than the ones scientific naturalists want to ask. Suppose, for example, that I want to know whether God really had something to do with creating living organisms. A typical Darwinian response is that there is no reason to invoke supernatural action because Darwinian selection was capable of performing the job. To evaluate that response, I need to know whether natural selection really has the fantastic creative power attributed to it. It is not a sufficient answer to say that scientists have nothing better to offer. The fact that scientists don't like to say "we don't know" tells me nothing about what they really do know.    I am not suggesting that scientists have to change their rules about retaining and discarding paradigms. All I want them to do is to be candid about the disconfirming evidence and admit, if it is the case, that they are hanging on to Darwinism only because they prefer a shaky theory to having no theory at all. What they insist upon doing, however, is to present Darwinian evolution to the public as a fact that every rational person is expected to accept. If there are reasonable grounds to doubt the theory such dogmatism is ridiculous, whether or not the doubters have a better theory to proposeThe continuing survival of Darwinist orthodoxy illustrates Thomas Kuhn's famous point that the accumulation of anomalies never in itself falsifies a paradigm, because "To reject one paradigm without substituting another is to reject science itself."[ 5] This practice may be appropriate as a way of carrying on the professional enterprise called science, but it can be grossly misleading when it is imposed upon persons who are asking questions other than the ones scientific naturalists want to ask. Suppose, for example, that I want to know whether God really had something to do with creating living organisms. A typical Darwinian response is that there is no reason to invoke supernatural action because Darwinian selection was capable of performing the job. To evaluate that response, I need to know whether natural selection really has the fantastic creative power attributed to it. It is not a sufficient answer to say that scientists have nothing better to offer. The fact that scientists don't like to say "we don't know" tells me nothing about what they really do know. I am not suggesting that scientists have to change their rules about retaining and discarding paradigms. All I want them to do is to be candid about the disconfirming evidence and admit, if it is the case, that they are hanging on to Darwinism only because they prefer a shaky theory to having no theory at all. What they insist upon doing, however, is to present Darwinian evolution to the public as a fact that every rational person is expected to accept. If there are reasonable grounds to doubt the theory such dogmatism is ridiculous, whether or not the doubters have a better theory to propose http://www.origins.org/pjohnson/whatis.htmlNaturalistic philosophy has worked out a strategy to prevent this problem from arising: it labels naturalism as science and theism as religion. The former is then classified as knowledge, and the latter as mere belief. The distinction is of critical importance, because only knowledge can be objectively valid for everyone; belief is valid only for the believer, and should never be passed off as knowledge. The student who thinks that 2 and 2 make 5, or that water is not made up of hydrogen and oxygen, or that the theory of evolution is not true, is not expressing a minority viewpoint. He or she is ignorant, and the job of education is to cure that ignorance and to replace it with knowledge. Students in the public schools are thus to be taught at an early age that "evolution is a fact," and as time goes by they will gradually learn that evolution means naturalism. http://www.origins.org/pjohnson/whatis.htmlSuppose that a skeptic argues that evidence for biological creation by natural selection is obviously lacking, and that in the circumstances we ought to give serious consideration to the possibility that the development of life required some input from a pre-existing, purposeful creator. To scientific naturalists this suggestion is "creationist" and therefore unacceptable in principle, because it invokes an entity unknown to science. What is worse, it suggests the possibility that this creator may have communicated in some way with humans. In that case there could be real prophets-persons with a genuine knowledge of God who are neither frauds nor dreamers. Such persons could conceivably be dangerous rivals for the scientists as cultural authorities. http://www.origins.org/pjohnson/whatis.htmlRichard Dawkins calls the process of creation by mutation and selection "the blind watchmaker," by which label he means that a purposeless, materialistic designing force substitutes for the "watchmaker" deity of natural theology. The creative power of the blind watchmaker is supported only by very slight evidence, such as the famous example of a moth population in which the percentage of dark moths increased during a period when the birds were better able to see light moths against the smoke-darkened background trees. This may be taken to show that natural selection can do something, but not that it can create anything that was not already in existence. Even such slight evidence is more than sufficient, however, because evidence is not really necessary to prove something that is practically self-evident. The existence of a potent blind watchmaker follows deductively from the philosophical premise that nature had to do its own creating. There can be argument about the details, but if God was not in the picture something very much like Darwinism simply has to be true, regardless of the evidence. http://www.origins.org/pjohnson/whatis.htmlThroughout our history, we have forged powerful alliances to defend, encourage, and promote that idea around the world. Through two World Wars, the Cold War, the Gulf War and Kosovo, America led instead of going it alone. We respected the world - and the world respected us. Today, our leadership has walked away from more than a century of American leadership in the world to embrace a new - and dangerously ineffective - American disregard for the world. They bully instead of persuade. They act alone when they could assemble a team. They confuse leadership with going it alone. They fail to understand that real leadership means standing by your principles and rallying others to join you. http://www.johnkerry.com/issues/national_security/But we also have to be smart, Jim. And smart means not diverting your attention from the real war on terror in Afghanistan against Osama bin Laden and taking if off to Iraq where the 9/11 Commission confirms there was no connection to 9/11 itself and Saddam Hussein, and where the reason for going to war was weapons of mass destruction, not the removal of Saddam Hussein. This president has made, I regret to say, a colossal error of judgment. And judgment is what we look for in the president of the United States of America. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlMy opponent looked at the same intelligence I looked at and declared in 2002 that Saddam Hussein was a grave threat. He also said in December of 2003 that anyone who doubts that the world is safer without Saddam Hussein does not have the judgment to be president. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlI don't think we want to get to how he's going to pay for all these promises. It's like a huge tax gap http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlIl pubblico giallorosso mi ha fatto venire la pelle d'oca ma non mi sono piaciuti i fischi a Cassano: i giocatori vanno sempre applauditi. Antonio ha giocato bene ma veniva da tre giorni di febbre http://sport.virgilio.it/it/cmc/calcio/200441/cmc_73255.html- Figliuol mio, alla tua impresa, chente che tu la vogli chiamare o malvagia o altrimenti, non bisogna di domandar ne` di dar perdono, per ci  che non per odio la seguivi, ma per potere essere tenuto migliore. Vivi adunque di me sicuro, e abbi di certo che niuno altro uom vive, il quale te quant'io ami, avendo riguardo all'altezza dello animo tuo, il quale non ad ammassar denari, come i miseri fanno, ma ad ispender gli ammassati se'dato. Ne` ti vergognare d'avermi voluto uccidere per divenir famoso, ne` credere che io me ne maravigli. I sommi imperadori e i grandissimi re non hanno quasi con altra arte che d'uccidere, non uno uomo come tu volevi fare, ma infiniti, e ardere paesi e abbattere le citta`, li loro regni ampliati, e per conseguente la fama loro; per che, se tu per pi  farti famoso me solo uccider volevi, non maravigliosa cosa ne` nuova facevi, ma molto usata.- Figliuol mio, alla tua impresa, chente che tu la vogli chiamare o malvagia o altrimenti, non bisogna di domandar ne` di dar perdono, per ci che non per odio la seguivi, ma per potere essere tenuto migliore. Vivi adunque di me sicuro, e abbi di certo che niuno altro uom vive, il quale te quant'io ami, avendo riguardo all'altezza dello animo tuo, il quale non ad ammassar denari, come i miseri fanno, ma ad ispender gli ammassati se'dato. Ne` ti vergognare d'avermi voluto uccidere per divenir famoso, ne` credere che io me ne maravigli. I sommi imperadori e i grandissimi re non hanno quasi con altra arte che d'uccidere, non uno uomo come tu volevi fare, ma infiniti, e ardere paesi e abbattere le citta`, li loro regni ampliati, e per conseguente la fama loro; per che, se tu per pi farti famoso me solo uccider volevi, non maravigliosa cosa ne` nuova facevi, ma molto usata.If you deny that Jesus really did rise from the dead, then you've got to explain the origin of the disciples' belief either in terms of Jewish influences or Christian influences. Obviously, it couldn't have come from Christian influences for the simple reason that there wasn't any Christianity yet! But neither can it be explained from the side of Jewish influences because the Jewish concept of resurrection was radically different than Jesus' resurrection. As the reknowned New Testament scholar Joachim Jeremias puts it, "Nowhere does one find in the literature [of ancient Judaism] anything comparable to the resurrection of Jesus."{20} The most plausible explanation of the origin of the disciples' belief, therefore, is that Jesus really did rise from the dead. http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlGod can be immediately known and experienced.{21} This isn't really an argument for God's existence, rather it's the claim that you can know God exists wholly apart from arguments simply by immediately experiencing Him. This was the way that people in the Bible knew God, as Professor John Hick explains: God was known to them as a dynamic will interacting with their own wills, a sheer, given reality, as inescapably to be reckoned with as destructive storm and life-giving sunshine.... They did not think of God as an inferred entity, but as an experienced reality.... To them God was not...an idea adopted by the mind, but the experiential reality which gave significance to their lives.{22} Now if this is the case, arguments for God can actually distract our attention from God Himself. If you are sincerely seeking God, if this is not an intellectual game, then God will make His existence evident to you. The Bible promises, "Draw near to God, and He will draw near to you" (James 4:8). We mustn't so concentrate on the arguments that we fail to hear the inner voice of God to our own hearts. For those who listen, God becomes an immediate reality in their lives. http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlGod provides the best explanation for the complex order in the universe.{8} During the last thirty years, scientists have discovered that the existence of intelligent life depends upon a complex and delicately balanced set of initial conditions simply given in the Big Bang itself. We now know that life-prohibiting universes are vastly more probable than life- permitting universes like ours. How much more probable? Well, before I give you an estimation, let me just give you some numbers to give you a feel for the odds. The number of seconds in the history of the universe is about 1018, that's ten followed by eighteen zeros. The number of subatomic particles in the entire universe is about1080. Now with those numbers in mind, consider the following. Donald Page, one of America's eminent cosmologists, has calculated the odds of our universe existing as on the order of one chance out of 1010(123), a number which is so inconceivable that to call it astronomical would be a wild understatement!{9} Robert Jastrow, the head of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, has called this the most powerful evidence for the existence of God "ever to come out of science."{10} Once again, the view that Christian theists have always held, that there is an intelligent designer of the Cosmos, seems to me to be much more plausible than the atheistic interpretation of chance. http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlIf God does not exist, then objective moral values do not exist. Many theists and atheists alike concur on this point. For example, the late J.L. Mackie of Oxford University, one of the most influential atheists of our time, admitted, "If...there are...objective values, they make the existence of a god more probable than it would have been without them. Thus we have a...defensible...argument from morality to the existence of a god.{12} But in order to deny God's existence, Mackie therefore denied that objective values exist. http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlIf God does not exist, then objective moral values do not exist. Many theists and atheists alike concur on this point. For example, the late J.L. Mackie of Oxford University, one of the most influential atheists of our time, admitted, "If...there are...objective values, they make the existence of a god more probable than it would have been without them. Thus we have a...defensible...argument from morality to the existence of a god.{12}    But in order to deny God's existence, Mackie therefore denied that objective values exist.When the issue is political power and control of territory and resources, statesmen can resolve conflicts, he said. He cited examples like the return to "pretty much normal" relations between Greece and Turkey since their Cyprus clash. The 11 September terrorist attacks in the USA are distinct, he said. "The instigators are not concerned with a particular piece of territory. There is no possible compromise or negotiated solution." http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/When%20Cultures%20Conflict_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004Marilyn C. Nelson, Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Carlson Companies, USA, noted that one major stakeholder voice not fully heard at the table is the voice of women. Nelson pointed out that 80% of the consumption in the US is determined by women. By not listening, corporations risk losing touch with the consumer. In a worldwide battle for talent, not utilizing women to the fullest is a mistake, and empowering women in developing countries is four times as likely to improve health benefits for children. "We need a new framework, because without that we can t include everyone in the partnership and leverage our time and our energy and our skills on behalf of the greater whole." http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Partnering%20for%20Prosperity%20and%20Security_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004God provides the best explanation for the historical facts concerning the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus.{16} The historical person Jesus of Nazareth was a remarkable individual. New Testament critics have reached something of a consensus that the historical Jesus came on the scene with an unprecedented sense of divine authority, the authority to stand and speak in God's place. That's why the Jewish leadership instigated his crucifixion on the charge of blasphemy. He claimed that in himself the Kingdom of God had come and as visible demonstrations of this fact, he carried out a ministry of miracle-working and exorcisms. But the supreme confirmation of his claim was his resurrection from the dead. If Jesus did rise from the dead, then it would seem that we have a divine miracle on our hands, and thus indirect evidence for the existence of God. Now there are three main historical facts that support the resurrection of Jesus: the empty tomb, Jesus' appearances alive after his death, and the very origin of Christian faith. http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlThe Empty Tomb First, the evidence indicates that Jesus' tomb was found empty by a group of his women followers on Sunday morning. According to Jacob Kremer, an Austrian scholar who has specialized in the study of the resurrection, "by far most scholars hold firmly to the reliability of the Biblical statements about the empty tomb."{17} And he lists twenty-eight prominent scholars in support. I can think of at least sixteen more that he neglected to mention. According to the New Testament critic D. H. Van Daalen, "It is extremely difficult to object to the empty tomb on historical grounds. Those who deny it do so on the basis of theological or philosophical assumptions."{18} http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlJesus' Appearances after His Death Secondly, the evidence indicates that on separate occasions, different individuals and groups saw appearances of Jesus alive after his death. According to the late Norman Perrin of the University of Chicago, "The more we investigate the traditions with regard to the appearances, the firmer the rock begins to appear on which they are based."{19} These appearances were bodily and physical and were witnessed not only by believers, but also by skeptics, unbelievers, and even enemies. http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlIn addition to tangible, concrete objects like people and trees and chairs, philosophers have noticed that there also appear to be abstract objects, things like numbers, propositions, sets, and properties. These things have a sort of conceptual reality, rather like ideas in your mind. And yet it's obvious that they're not just ideas in any human mind. So what is the metaphysical foundation of such abstract entities? The theist has a plausible answer to that question. They are grounded in the mind of God. Alvin Plantinga, one of America's foremost philosophers, explains: It seems plausible to think of numbers as dependent upon or even constituted by intellectual activity. But there are too many of them to arise as a result of human intellectual activity. We should therefore think of them as... the concepts of an unlimited mind: a divine mind.{3} At the most abstract level, then, theism provides a plausible, metaphysical foundation for the existence of abstract objects. And that's the first reason why I think it's plausible to believe in God http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlGod provides the best explanation for why the universe exists instead of nothing.{4} Have you ever asked yourself where the universe came from, why anything at all exists, instead of just nothing? Well, typically atheists have said that the universe is eternal, and that's all. But surely this is unreasonable. Just think about it for a minute. If the universe never had a beginning, then that means that the number of past events is infinite. But mathematicians recognize that the idea of an actually infinite number of things leads to self-contradictions. For example, what is infinity minus infinity? Well, mathematically, you get self- contradictory answers. This shows that infinity is just an idea in your mind, not something that actually exists in reality. David Hilbert, perhaps the greatest mathematician of this century, states, "The infinite is nowhere to be found in reality. It neither exists in nature nor provides a legitimate basis for rational thought.... The role that remains for the infinite to play is solely that of an idea...."{5} But that entails that since past events are not just ideas in your mind but are real, the number of past events must be finite. Therefore, the series of past events can't go back forever; rather the universe must have begun to exist. http://www.origins.org/articles/craig_washington_3.htmlAndrew George (St. Ives): But what is the hurry? The public are at best suspicious, the science is not ready, the supermarkets say that they will not stock the stuff, and it would be a public relations disaster for farmers. Does the Minister agree that these decisions should be based on sound science, not quick, make-do or hasty science? Therefore, what reassurances can he give today that he is prepared to face down the GM and biotech lobby and the United States to ensure that we do not take a decision in haste that we repent at our leisure?The cause of peace requires all free nations to recognize new and undeniable realities. In the 20th century, some chose to appease murderous dictators, whose threats were allowed to grow into genocide and global war. In this century, when evil men plot chemical, biological and nuclear terror, a policy of appeasement could bring destruction of a kind never before seen on this earth http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmOra avvenne un giorno che dimorando il giovane tutto solo nella corte del suo palagio, una feminella, entrata dentro per una delle porti del palagio, gli domando` limosina ed ebbela; e ritornata per la seconda porta pure a lui, ancora l'ebbe, e cosi` successivamente insino alla duodecima; e la tredecima volta tornata, disse Mitridanes: - Buona femina, tu se'assai sollicita a questo tuo dimandare -; e nondimeno le fece limosina. La vecchierella, udita questa parola, disse: - O liberalita` di Natan, quanto se'tu maravigliosa! che` per trentadue porti che ha il suo palagio, si` come questo, entrata, e domandatagli limosina, mai da lui, che egli mostrasse, riconosciuta non fui, e sempre l'ebbi; e qui non venuta ancora se non per tredici, e riconosciuta e proverbiata sono stata -. E cosi` dicendo, senza piu` ritornarvi si diparti`. Mitridanes, udite le parole della vecchia, come colui che cio` che della fama di Natan udiva diminuimento della sua estimava, in rabbiosa ira acceso, comincio` a dire: - Ahi lasso a me! Quando aggiugnero` io alla liberalita` delle gran cose di Natan, non che io il trapassi, come io cerco, quando nelle piccolissime io non gli mi posso avvicinare? Veramente io mi fatico invano, se io di terra nol tolgo; la qual cosa, poscia che la vecchiezza nol porta via, convien senza alcuno indugio che io faccia con le mie mani http://www.crs4.it/Letteratura/Decamerone/Decima/10_03.htmOra avvenne un giorno che dimorando il giovane tutto solo nella corte del suo palagio, una feminella, entrata dentro per una delle porti del palagio, gli domando` limosina ed ebbela; e ritornata per la seconda porta pure a lui, ancora l'ebbe, e cosi` successivamente insino alla duodecima; e la tredecima volta tornata, disse Mitridanes:    - Buona femina, tu se'assai sollicita a questo tuo dimandare -; e nondimeno le fece limosina.    La vecchierella, udita questa parola, disse:    - O liberalita` di Natan, quanto se'tu maravigliosa! che` per trentadue porti che ha il suo palagio, si` come questo, entrata, e domandatagli limosina, mai da lui, che egli mostrasse, riconosciuta non fui, e sempre l'ebbi; e qui non venuta ancora se non per tredici, e riconosciuta e proverbiata sono stata -. E cosi` dicendo, senza piu` ritornarvi si diparti`.    Mitridanes, udite le parole della vecchia, come colui che cio` che della fama di Natan udiva diminuimento della sua estimava, in rabbiosa ira acceso, comincio` a dire:    - Ahi lasso a me! Quando aggiugnero` io alla liberalita` delle gran cose di Natan, non che io il trapassi, come io cerco, quando nelle piccolissime io non gli mi posso avvicinare? Veramente io mi fatico invano, se io di terra nol tolgo; la qual cosa, poscia che la vecchiezza nol porta via, convien senza alcuno indugio che io faccia con le mie mani- Mitridanes, io non voglio che tu del mio consiglio e della mia disposizione ti maravigli, per cio` che, poi che io nel mio albitrio fui, e disposto a fare quello medesimo che tu hai a fare impreso, niun fu che mai a casa mia capitasse, che io nol contentasse a mio potere di cio` che da lui mi fu domandato. Venistivi tu vago della mia vita, per che, sentendolati domandare, acci che tu non fossi solo colui che senza la sua dimanda di qui si partisse, prestamente diliberai di donarlati, e acci che tu l'avessi, quel consiglio ti diedi che io credetti che buon ti fosse ad aver la mia e non perder la tua; e per cio` ancora ti dico e priego che, s'ella ti piace, che tu la prenda e te medesimo ne sodisfaccia: io non so come io la mi possa meglio spendere. Io l'ho adoperata gia` ottanta anni, e ne'miei diletti e nelle mie consolazioni usata; e so che, seguendo il corso della natura, come gli altri uomini fanno e generalmente tutte le cose, ella mi puo` omai piccol tempo esser lasciata; per che io giudico molto meglio esser quella donare, come io ho sempre i miei tesori donati e spesi, che tanto volerla guardare, che ella mi sia contro a mia voglia tolta dalla natura. Piccol dono e` donare cento anni; quanto adunque e` minor donarne sei o otto che io a star ci abbia? Prendila adunque, se ella t'aggrada, io te ne priego; per ci che, mentre vivuto ci sono, niuno ho ancor trovato che disiderata l'abbia, ne` so quando trovar me ne possa veruno, se tu non la prendi che la dimandi. E se pure avvenisse che io ne dovessi alcun trovare, conosco che, quanto pi la guardero`, di minor pregio sara`; e pero`, anzi che ella divenga piu` vile, prendila, io te ne priego.Now, with respect to Darfur, yes, it is a genocide. And months ago, many of us were pressing for action. I think the reason that we're not saying send American troops in at this point is severalfold. Number one, we can do this through the African Union, providing we give them the logistical support. Right now all the president is providing is humanitarian support. We need to do more than that. They've got to have the logistical capacity to go in and stop the killing. And that's going to require more than is on the table today. I also believe that it is -- one of the reasons we can't do it is we're overextended. Ask the people in the armed forces today. We've got Guards and Reserves who are doing double duties. We've got a backdoor draft taking place in America today: people with stop-loss programs where they're told you can't get out of the military; nine out of our 10 active duty divisions committed to Iraq one way or the other, either going, coming or preparing. So this is the way the president has overextended the United States. That's why, in my plan, I add two active duty divisions to the United States Army, not for Iraq, but for our general demands across the globe. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlMy opponent says we didn't have any allies in this war. What's he say to Tony Blair? What's he say to Alexander Kwasniewski of Poland? You can't expect to build an alliance when you denigrate the contributions of those who are serving side by side with American troops in Iraq. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlI wonder if the term "Gated Communities" is the right term... perhaps they should be called "Gated Housing Developments"? I know of no such places in which there is wealth of community feeling, block parties, and welcome wagons within the walls; if anything, the families within appear more isolated than those outside.BUSH: Again, I can't tell you how big a mistake I think that is, to have bilateral talks with North Korea. It's precisely what Kim Jong Il wants. It will cause the six-party talks to evaporate. It will mean that China no longer is involved in convincing, along with us, for Kim Jong Il to get rid of his weapons. It's a big mistake to do that. We must have China's leverage on Kim Jong Il, besides ourselves. And if you enter bilateral talks, they'll be happy to walk away from the table. I don't think that'll work. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlBut is the conventional wisdom correct that the United States needs to exchange blood for oil? Many economists don t think so. Before the first Gulf War, two Nobel laureates in economics-Milton Friedman on the right and James Tobin on the left-stated that no war for oil was needed. In fact, the Persian Gulf countries need to sell oil more than the United States needs to buy it. Oil accounts for between 65 and 95 percent of the exports of Persian Gulf nations. In contrast, oil makes up only about 7 percent of U.S. imports. Thus, most states, whether their governments are friendly to the United States or not, have a huge incentive to export oil into the world market. http://www.why-war.com/news/2004/09/14/haveusso.htmlMonsignore, io ho gran maraviglia di cio` che voi mi dite, e tanto ne l'ho maggiore che un altro non avrebbe, quanto mi par meglio dalla vostra fanciullezza infino a questo di` avere i vostri costumi conosciuti, che alcun altro. E non essendomi paruto giammai nella vostra giovanezza, nella quale amor piu` leggiermente doveva i suoi artigli ficcare, aver tal passion conosciuta, sentendovi ora che gia` siete alla vecchiezza vicino, m'e` si` nuovo e si` strano che voi per amore amiate, che quasi un miracol mi pare; e se a me di cio` cadesse il riprendervi, io so bene cio` che io ve ne direi, avendo riguardo che voi ancora siete con l'arme in dosso nel regno nuovamente acquistato, tra nazion non conosciuta e piena d'inganni e di tradimenti, e tutto occupato di grandissime sollicitudini e d'alto affare, ne` ancora vi siete potuto porre a sedere, e intra tante cose abbiate fatto luogo al lusinghevole amore. Questo non e` atto di re magnanimo, anzi d'un pusillanimo giovinetto. E oltre a questo, che e` molto peggio, dite che diliberato avete di dovere le due figliuole torre al povero cavaliere, il quale, in casa sua, oltre al poter suo v'ha onorato, e, per piu` onorarvi, quelle quasi ignude v'ha dimostrate, testificando per quello quanta sia la fede che egli ha in voi, e che esso fermamente creda voi essere re e non lupo rapace. Ora evvi cosi` tosto della memoria caduto le violenze fatte alle donne da Manfredi avervi l'entrata aperta in questo regno? Qual tradimento si commise giammai piu` degno d'etterno supplicio, che saria questo, che voi a colui che v'onora togliate il suo onore e la sua speranza e la sua consolazione? Che si direbbe di voi, se voi il faceste? Voi forse estimate che sufficiente scusa fosse il dire: - Io il feci per cio` che egli e` ghibellino -. Ora e` questo della giustizia dei re, che coloro che nelle lor braccia ricorrono in cotal forma, chi che essi si sieno, in cos fatta guisa si trattino? Io vi ricordo, re, che grandissima gloria v'e` aver vinto Manfredi e sconfitto Corradino, ma molto maggiore e` se` medesimo vincere; e per cio` voi, che avete gli altri a correggere, vincete voi medesimo e questo appetito raffrenate, ne` vogliate con cos fatta macchia cio` che gloriosamente acquistato avete guastare. http://www.crs4.it/Letteratura/Decamerone/Decima/10_06.htmAlcuni lustri della storia piu` recente si possono riassumere in queste frasi: promesse, minacce, ricatti e, alla fine, quale coronamento dell'edificio, l'ignobile assedio societario di cinquantadue stati. La nostra coscienza e` assolutamente tranquilla. (Applausi). Con voi il mondo intero e` testimone che l'Italia del Littorio ha fatto quanto era umanamente possibile per evitare la tormenta che sconvolge l'Europa; ma tutto fu vano. Bastava rivedere i trattati per adeguarli alle mutevoli esigenze della vita delle nazioni e non considerarli intangibili per l'eternita`; bastava non iniziare la stolta politica delle garanzie, che si e` palesata soprattutto micidiale per coloro che la hanno accettate; bastava non respingere la proposta che il fuhrer fece il 6 ottobre dell'anno scorso, dopo finita la campagna di Polonia. Oramai tutto cio` appartiene al passato. Se noi oggi siamo decisi ad affrontare i rischi ed i sacrifici di una guerra, gi e` che l'onore, gli interessi, l'avvenire ferramente lo impongono, poiche` un grande popolo e` veramente tale se considera sacri i suoi impegni e se non evade dalle prove supreme che determinano il corso della storia. http://www.ilduce.net/dichguerra.htm...scientists do not draw conclusions based on superficial resemblance. Sometimes organisms that are similar are not closely related (dolphins and sharks) and organisms that are on the surface very dissimilar (hyraxes and elephants, cetaceans and hippos) are closely related. Hyraxes or dassies, there are many other species than just Procavia capensis, have specific anatomical traits only found in elephants. How would you scientifically explain this observation? This is an excellent argument against similarity due to common design since the two organisms share many detailed antomical similarites but lead totally different lifestyles. In your language they are similar yet designed for different lifestyles. Common descent is a scientific hypothesis that can account for both similarites and differences through the principle of descent with modification, independent creation can not. HermWhat my first argument draws attention to is that given God's, given God's omnibenevolence, God should desire to have a world in which there is as little suffering as possible, perhaps none.[ 8] Okay, this should be a desire of any good person, and we think that goodness will generalize. We think individuals around here are good because they want to minimize suffering in the world, among other reasons, and if we apply the same standard to God, we assume this is true of God, too. So assume that since God is infinitely good, He desires to minimize suffering in this world. One quick aside, I'm going to refer to God as "He," more or less out of deference to tradition. I don't want to suggest that God has a gender, because that's not part of standard Christian doctrine. I also do it swallowing kind of hard implicit sexism, but please bear with me over that. Secondly, God is omniscient, so God's supposed to figure out how to design a world that has basically no harm at all.[9] If you're omniscient, you're really smart, and you can figure these things out. And lastly, God is omnipotent, so any design that God brings into being, God can actually implement. For all these facts, we should be led to believe that there's basically no suffering in the world, or that there's very, very, very little. I think that a quick look at the evening news any night would show you this is not the case. You're going to have murder after murder, maybe sandwiched between a rape or two, maybe cut to a war here or there. You're going to see suffering from the beginning of the hour to the end of the hour, and the kind of evil that exists in this world, the kind of suffering just doesn't seem to be consistent with what we should be led to expect from our suppositions about the nature of God. Again, I could write this out as a set of premises, but I don't think that's necessary. Anyone who I think grasps the nature of the Christian God should be led to believe that these sort of things just shouldn't happen, and the fact they do shows God doesn't exist. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlNow I want to move on to discuss the arguments, Dr. Craig's arguments. And you have to bear with me, I'm not used to doing this, I have to read a little bit more than I would like. I want to look at Dr. Craig's argument about the cause of the universe. This is often called a cosmological argument, or an argument from first cause. In short, the argument is that God must exist because the universe had a beginning. In fact the universe had a beginning is the first premise. The second premise is everything that exists must have had a cause. We rapidly draw the conclusion that this universe had a cause. Dr. Craig identified this cause as God. That's the nature of this argument. I want to say right off that I'm going to grant both of Dr. Craig's premises, that the universe had a beginning, and that every event has a cause. Although I think there may be reasons to question them, I'm going to grant them right away.[10] I'm going to grant the immediate conclusion, that there was a cause to the universe. But, even if you grant this conclusion, you have no reason to believe this is God. We have no reason to believe this thing has any of the properties that God has. Let me give you a quick analogy here, okay. [holds up a sparkplug] Every morning, I, a lot of you, get up and we go to our car, and we put the key in the ignition, turn it over, and the car starts up. You can think of the ignition of the gasoline as somewhat of a big bang. There's this explosion of gasoline igniting. What's the cause of the gasoline igniting? The sparkplug.[11] It's a spark off this sparkplug, which causes the gasoline to ignite, that causes the small big bang that gets you to school every day. What Professor Craig has given us is that there is some sort of cosmological sparkplug. Maybe there is. But if there is, we've no reason to believe it's omniscient, no reason to believe it's omnibenevolent, and no reason to believe that it's omnipotent. From the fact that the universe was created, all we have some reason to believe is that it is slightly more powerful than its effects. So maybe it's a little stronger or more poweful than the nature of the universe as it exists. But the universe is finite, as Dr. Craig has argued. So we don't have any reason to conclude this thing is infinite. It may be strong but finite. We don't have any reason to believe its omniscient or even sentient at all. It could be a spark plug of some kind, maybe a timeless sparkplug, but a sparkplug nevertheless. And of course goodness never enters into this. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlThis argument is what we often call an argument from the best explanation. Arguments from the best explanation work in a certain way. They argue for something by pointing to a phenomenon, or pointing to something that occurs, and saying, "Look, you can't explain the occurrence of this, without postulating this." Dr. Craig is claiming you can't explain the existence of the universe without postulating God. God is either the explanation or is at least the very best explanation for this event. Well I think that even if you grant almost all of Dr. Craig's argument; grant that the probabilities are infinitesimally small or very, very small; grant the phenomena that he wants to explain, you really don't have to draw this conclusion.[12] I think this argument is sort of apparent to anybody. Today I bought a lottery ticket. The Lotto wasn't won last night. It's up to seven million. A lot of people are playing this right now. The fact is, it's extraordinary unlikely that I'm going to win this. In fact, the drawing has already taken place. (I think it takes place around six o'clock.) I probably didn't win. But let's suppose I did win. Suppose I won this lottery. It's extremely unlikely event that just might have come true. From the fact that I won this lottery, that this extremely improbable event happened, do I have any right to assume that somebody arranged this? Either the lottery manager, my friends in high places, or God? No, no you don't. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlThe second argument I want to give against God's existence draws attention to the fact that the definition of God in classical Christianity is, I think, contradictory. As far I know, it's common to think of God as an abstract object, the kind of abstract object that Professor Craig talked about. God is said to be timeless, and the only timeless things around are abstract objects. At the same time, it's believed that God is causally efficacious, that is that God can affect material objects. God brought the universe into existence, we're told, and God can influence the events of the world on a day-to-day, hour-to-hour, and second-to-second basis. The problems is that abstracts objects, as standardly understood, have no causal properties. Just think about this for a moment. Think about the classical examples of abstract objects. Dr. Craig mentioned a few. Numbers are abstract objects. Other examples may be sets. These are contrasted with material objects: things like tables, chairs, and people. We can interact causally with tables and chairs. We can sit in them, bump into them. But I ask you, When's the last time you bumped into the number one? When's the last time you slipped on the concept of truth? Or saw a justice sitting by the side of the road? The fact is that, it's almost part of the definition of abstract objects that they cannot have causal properties. Let me just cite the Harper Collins Dictionary of Philosophy, which defines material objects as "an object that causally interacts or inter-relates with other independently existing things." An abstract object is defined as "an object that is not a material object," so an abstract object is an object that does not causally interact with other indepedently existing things. We're told that God is both abstract and has causal properties. This is a contradiction. Nothing with a contradictory nature exists, so God doesn't exist. Those are my arguments against the existence of God. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlFirst of all, if God is all-good, is it necessarily true that He would want to create a world with no suffering? I don't think this is necessarily true. It could be that if God were to create a world of free creatures in which He intervened every time to rescue us from harm, this would be a world in which rational behavior was completely impossible. It would lead to total irresponsibility, total irrationality in our actions. It would mean that you could drive as fast as you wanted on the highway, you could drink or eat any substance you wanted to, you could do anything to another person, you could act anyway you want, and nothing harmful would ever ensue as a consequence. I think that when you think about this, clearly it would make rational behavior completely impossible. So if God creates a world that operates according to certain natural laws, then the fire that warms us will also be the fire that burns us, and it may well be the case that an all-good God would want to create a world governed by natural law, which includes the possibility of harm. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.htmlNoi impugniamo le armi per risolvere, dopo il problema risolto delle nostre frontiere continentali, il problema delle nostre frontiere marittime; noi vogliamo spezzare le catene di ordine territoriale e militare che ci soffocano nel nostro mare, poiche` un popolo di quarantacinque milioni di anime non e` veramente libero se non ha libero l'accesso all'Oceano.Questa lotta gigantesca non e`che una fase dello sviluppo logico della nostra rivoluzione; e` la lotta dei popoli poveri e numerosi di braccia contro gli affamatori che detengono ferocemente il monopolio di tutele ricchezze e di tutto l'oro della terra; e` la lotta dei popoli fecondi e giovani contro i popoli isteriliti e volgenti al tramonto, e` la lotta tra due secoli e due idee. http://www.ilduce.net/dichguerra.htmIn questi anni hai cambiato cellulari. Hai cambiato televisori. Hai cambiato stereo. Adesso puoi cambiare banca. http://www.fineco.it/jump/evolution/images/fineco_jump.swfWe think that it will disrupt the environmental balance around them, if they are introduced to our modern medicine. http://www.teachtsp2.com/cdonline/Many Iraqis can hear me tonight in a translated radio broadcast, and I have a message for them. If we must begin a military campaign, it will be directed against the lawless men who rule your country and not against you. As our coalition takes away their power, we will deliver the food and medicine you need. We will tear down the apparatus of terror and we will help you to build a new Iraq that is prosperous and free. In a free Iraq, there will be no more wars of aggression against your neighbors, no more poison factories, no more executions of dissidents, no more torture chambers and rape rooms. The tyrant will soon be gone. The day of your liberation is near. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmdesso bisogna pensare a cancellare la par condicio, una questione vitale". "Guardate gli Usa", spiega il Cavaliere, "li` non ci sono tutti questi divieti, lacci, lacciuoli... E vi pare giusto che io mi debba trovare al Costanzo Show o da Vespa come un qualsiasi altro leaderino di serie c? Non sta ne` in cielo ne` in terra questo obbligo di dare spazi uguali a tutti i partiti, a prescindere dai voti che prendono". http://www.repubblica.it/2003/l/sezioni/politica/gasparri4/contraber/contraber.htmlForget predestination. What about Hell? That's a different situation. I see no philosophical reason for believing in an eternal punishment for sinners. Philosophy is against it. 9. Philosophy teaches that the punishment should be proportionate to the crime. Let's concede, for the sake of argument, that we are all, in some sense, sinners. Which of us, looking into his heart, can honestly say that he has never done anything seriously wrong, at least once in his life? But the doctrine of Hell requires that most of us sinners will suffer eternal torment. 10. In some cases that may be just. Hitler was responsible for the horrifying deaths of millions of Jews, not to mention gypsies, Slavs, and homosexuals. Perhaps for crimes of that magnitude eternal punishment can be justified. 11. I am, in the sense I have specified, a sinner. But, in all candor, I must say that to me my sins seem pretty minor compared to those of Hitler. I haven't killed anyone, or tortured anyone, or been responsible for anyone's torture or death. Yet, if the doctrine of hell is correct, I shall be keeping Hitler company in Hell. No doubt I'm not an impartial judge in this case, but it doesn't seem fair. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley03.htmlCarol Gilligan, University Professor, New York University School of Law, USA, said she is worried by claims to a "gender-blind admission to patriarchy". She explained that women shouldn t have to fit themselves into a traditional structure built by men. She likened it to someone saying, "Come into my house, come into every room, but it is still my house." The younger generation is saying, let s redesign the house, for both men and women, she continued. "This is not just politically correct, but humanly correct." Women look at the world from a different angle than men do more creatively and their creative voice will be silenced unless it finds resonance, Gilligan said. This change also provides the possibility for men to alter their traditional roles. To bring women into the public world where they have not been before is also to let men experience what they have not had before, she said. Gisele Yitamben, President, Association pour le Soutien et l'Appui la Femme, Cameroon; Social Entrepreneur, said she believes that women CEOs should attempt to "feminize the culture" to change society, to one with more compassion and understanding and not so much war http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Why%20the%20Advancement%20of%20Women%20Is%20Strategically%20%E2%80%93%20Not%20Just%20Politically%20%E2%80%93%20Correct_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=200421. If God chose the beneficiaries of his grace on the ground of some distinctive merit they possessed, this might not be unfair to those he didn't choose, whom we would presume to lack that merit. But that would be contrary to the idea of grace, which implies a free gift, not something given to someone who deserves it on account of merit. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley03.htmlLi Yonggang, a scholar at the Chinese Society for Strategy and Management, holds a similar view, "By dismembering the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia or forcing Milosevic to surrender, the external front of Russia will be brushed away, therefore, Russia will be further oppressed, which is the key step to finally annihilating Russia." He writes, "In addition to sharing the advantages of militarily and politically squeezing out Russia," one of the reasons "NATO European powers have been so enthusiastic" about their actions in Yugoslavia is that it is an "attempt to get through the Balkan corridor in the south and extend their sphere of economic influence to Central Asia and even further to a wider scope." http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/china/doctrine/pills2/part07.htmThe usual answer these days is: freedom. There must be freedom, if there is to be moral goodness. And the price of giving humans freedom is that sometimes they will misuse it. Even an omnipotent being can't cause a person to freely do good. And freedom, with the moral goodness which sometimes results from it, is a good sufficiently great that it makes the evils which also result worth accepting. [This is what is called the free will defense.] http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley03.htmlIf the Flintstones enjoy a good smoke, how bad can it be? http://www.tvparty.com/emcomm.htmlIn questi anni hai cambiato 5 cellulari. Perche` volevi piu` servizi. Perche` volevi piu` tecnologia. Perche` volevi piu` possibilita`. E allora perche` non cambi banca? http://www.msn.it/img/it/it-it/MSNSito/popunder/200408_550x550_Fineco.swfNon tutti i musulmani sono terroristi, >> >>ma TUTTI I TERRORISTI SONO MUSULMANI!!! >Infatti..... tutte le straggi terroristiche italiane... Italicus, piazza Fontana, Stazione di Bologa, delitto Moro, delitto Dantona... ecc....ecc.. sono tutte opere di musulmani!!!! http://forum.virgilio.it/forum/servlet/viewreply?CategoryId=4&NewsgroupId=2745&DestinationId=1&ArticleId=630&ReplyArticleId=636&ThreadState=0&ThreadChange=0&Page=0Anyone who wants more details on my agenda can find them online. The web address is not very imaginative, but it's easy to remember: GeorgeWBush.com. These changing times can be exciting times of expanded opportunity. And here, you face a choice. My opponent's policies are dramatically different from ours. Senator Kerry opposed Medicare reform and health savings accounts. After supporting my education reforms, he now wants to dilute them. He opposes legal and medical liability reform. He opposed reducing the marriage penalty, opposed doubling the child credit, and opposed lowering income taxes for all who pay them. To be fair, there are some things my opponent is for? he's proposed more than two trillion dollars in new federal spending so far, and that's a lot, even for a senator from Massachusetts. To pay for that spending, he is running on a platform of increasing taxes and that's the kind of promise a politician usually keeps. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmIf there is a God who is liable to command anything; and if our highest loyalty must be to this God, there is no act save disobedience to God which we can safely say is out of bounds, no act of a kind which simply must not be done, even rape, to use Dr. Craig's example. If this God exists, and we must obey him unconditionally, then anything whatever might turn out to be permissible. This view is destructive of morality as we normally think of it. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley03.htmlChristopher Shays, Congressman from Connecticut (Republican), USA, argued that the overthrow of Saddam Hussein has improved the prospects for Middle East peace, despite the chaos and violence that has accompanied the occupation. Hussein s downfall has made it possible to remove American military forces from Saudi Arabia, eliminating a source of friction exploited by Osama bin Laden. These achievements, he said, shouldn t be ignored.Christopher Shays, Congressman from Connecticut (Republican), USA, argued that the overthrow of Saddam Hussein has improved the prospects for Middle East peace, despite the chaos and violence that has accompanied the occupation. Hussein s downfall has made it possible to remove American military forces from Saudi Arabia, eliminating a source of friction exploited by Osama bin Laden. These achievements, he said, shouldn t be ignored. http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Is%20There%20a%20Coherent%20US%20Foreign%20Policy%20for%20the%20Middle%20East%3F_2004?open&event_id=1185&year_id=2004 This is the struggle of the two wills, Zebari said. It is the struggle between the Iraqi who wants to build a new country, a tolerant country, and those who want a different kind of Iraq dominated by fear and violence. It s very sad to have to report this tragic incident, but the march goes on and we will not be intimidated. http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Iraqi+Foreign+Minister+Reacts+to+Assassination+of+Governing+Council+PresidentThis murderous campaign only demonstrates the importance of the governing council in bringing democracy to Iraq, Zebari added. While many critics including some within the Coalition Provisional Authority have dismissed the council as a group of squabbling exiles and minor politicians with little popular support, the insurgents and terrorists working to destabilize Iraq understand who their most important enemies are, the foreign minister contended. This shows all those sceptics that the [members of the governing council] are the real targets of those who are trying to destroy the New Iraq, he said http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Iraqi+Foreign+Minister+Reacts+to+Assassination+of+Governing+Council+PresidentThe future role of coalition military forces in Iraq. While most Iraqis want the departure of foreign troops from our soil as soon as possible, Zebari said, it is not realistic to expect coalition units to leave the country immediately after the transfer of formal sovereignty on 30 June. We need these forces to remain until the time when we are ready to take over security responsibility. Their premature departure would bring disaster for Iraq, Zebari warned http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Iraqi+Foreign+Minister+Reacts+to+Assassination+of+Governing+Council+PresidentThe risk of civil war. A year after the fall of Saddam Hussein s regime, Iraq has managed to avoid some of the more dire predictions of political and intra-communal strife made by critics of the US-led invasion, Zebari noted. But the integrity of the country could quickly unravel if coalition forces depart before Iraqi security forces are ready to take their place. Many people have compared Iraq to Lebanon, or Afghanistan or Somalia, Zebari said. But those other examples would be picnics in comparison to a civil war in Iraq. http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Iraqi+Foreign+Minister+Reacts+to+Assassination+of+Governing+Council+PresidentThe coalition s mistakes. Zebari forcefully contended that the more serious error made by the coalition was not quickly installing Iraqi opposition groups in power following the fall of Baghdad. Prior to the invasion, he said, the major opposition groups in exile had prepared for a rapid transfer of sovereignty to a provisional Iraqi government, but these plans were quickly sidetracked by coalition leaders. A second chance to move quickly to Iraqi sovereignty was lost when the coalition returned to the UN Security Council shortly after the invasion to obtain a new resolution clarifying their status in Iraq. By seeking recognition as an occupying power, Zebari said, the coalition spread mistrust and suspicion among Iraqis worried about a return to foreign domination. The consequences have been devastating for us, he said. It was impossible to explain this decision to the Iraqi people. http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Iraqi+Foreign+Minister+Reacts+to+Assassination+of+Governing+Council+PresidentTo emphasize the priority of youth affairs, the King answered questions from three college students via an international webcast. The first question addressed precisely the prospects of young people. Seventy percent of the Arab population is under 30 and 50% is under 18, answered the King. There is potential for tremendous hope or for tremendous devastation if we don t get it right. He outlined efforts in Jordan to improve and expand educational opportunities, calling education the great social equalizer. He also stressed the need to ensure job opportunities for young people upon graduation from high school or college. When I travelled in North America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East, I would encounter many Jordanians, capable people, he said. I would ask them why they weren t working in Jordan. They responded that there were no opportunities. http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/King+of+Jordan+Calls+for+Solutions+to+Regional+Reforms+at+Closing+of+World+Economic+Forum+in+Jordanse oriana fallaci avesse ragione, immaginatevi il risultato... appena usciti di casa, un vu` cumpra` vi assale! non solo non gli comprate un accendino ma gli sparate in mezzo agli occhi (potrebbe essere procognato di Bin Laden, tanto questo governo pistolero fra un po` permettera` a tutti di possedere la propria colt) al lavoro, fabbriche vuote! incredibile! certo, perche` avete spedito a casa tutti i rumeni e i musulmani che sono, ormai, il 75% della forza lavoro delle fabbriche (quelle dove si fatica e dove i nostri figliuoli non vogliono andare...); tra parentesi questo potrebbe un po` azzerare il nostro pil, ma che ce frega, almeno avremo l'autarchia sui pidocchi! alla sera capatina in centro. ristoranti cinesi chiusi (tanto, dopo l'islam ci invaderranno loro), e coprifuoco alle 20.30 (e poi, daltronde, se sto governo continua a sciallare i NOSTRI soldi come sta facendo, chi potr mai permettersi di andare in centro, la sera?). e` questo il mondo che volete? http://forum.virgilio.it/forum/servlet/viewarticle?CategoryId=4&NewsgroupId=2804&DestinationId=1&ArticleId=35283&Page=0&ThreadState=0&ThreadChange=-1Contrario all'invasione dell'Iraq ma alleato di ferro dell'amministrazione americana nella guerra al terrorismo, il presidente russo ha presentato il suo teorema: "Il terrorismo in Iraq vuole impedire la rielezione di Bush; se riuscisse nel suo intento la sua minaccia si farebbe di conseguenza ancora piu` forte". http://notizie.virgilio.it/focus/elezioni_usa/index.html?pmk=hpdefstr3_2Liberal Democrat chairman Matthew Taylor said Mr Howard knew all about broken promises from his time in government.     "Michael Howard's Conservatives now hint at tax cuts they can't afford except by cutting public services," he said. "No wonder they are falling in the polls."Democracy in the Middle East, said Moussa, began to develop in Egypt in the middle of the 19th century, and by the 1940s there were lively parliamentary systems in many Muslim countries, including Egypt, Syria, Lebanon and Iraq. "This was cut short not by Islam but by politics." After World War II, "the competition between incoming and outgoing empires played havoc in the Arab countries." Military regimes came to power then, often inspired and supported by the Soviet Union. http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/A%20Dialogue%20about%20Islam%20and%20Democracy_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004Summing up the current paradox in the Arab-Israel conflict, Javier Solana Madariaga, EU High Representative for Common Foreign and Security Policy and Secretary-General of the EU Council, Brussels, said: "We are as close as we've ever been," to a solution, but there still exists "the worst situation on the ground." What sacrifices must both sides make before peace can come? Can a settlement be reached with the current leadership? "We have a train," said Solana, "but we have not been able to move it a single inch out of the station." Marwan Jamil Muasher, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Jordan, said clear actions need to be taken by both sides. Arab leaders need to forcefully state that "suicide bombings are wrong from a moral and political point of view. Israel needs to clearly and unequivocally state that it will implement the road map in full," including a return to 1967 borders. "There is a real mincing of words" at the moment, Muasher said. As long as a reluctance to recognize the genuine concerns of the other sides exists, peace will not come. http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Breaking%20the%20Vicious%20Circle%20of%20the%20Arab-Israeli%20Conflict_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004The United States helped to rebuild Europe, and parts of Asia, after World War II, after the Korean War. We ve always gone through rough patches in the aftermath of these struggles. We ve made mistakes, but we always succeeded. We always kept on track. We succeeded because America has an enormous capacity to do good; an enormous capacity to learn from its mistakes, and to move on. http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Remarks+by+US+Secretary+of+State+Colin+PowellAbbandonato il suo cattolicesimo riservato, Kerry discute sulle piazze di religione e dal podio elettorale invoca fede, famiglia, valori morali e la Bibbia. Attinge al Vangelo per sostenere il Welfare State, condannare guerra e pena di morte. Fulminato sulla via di Damasco, il senatore intona la sua preghiera democratica, lancia messaggi spirituali e visita le chiese. L'ultimo week-end - riferisce il Washington Post - Kerry lo ha trascorso in Ohio a spiegare la lezione politica di S.Giacomo e S.Paolo. Domenica, nella chiesa battista del Monte degli Ulivi di Columbus, dopo aver intonato un salmo, ha raccontato ai supporter la parabola del buon samaritano e dallo stesso pulpito ha criticato le politiche sociali e occupazionali di George W.Bush. Poche ore piu` tardi, in un appello elettorale ha preso a prestito dalla Bibbia la sua massima preferita, ovvero la lezione di San Giacomo "la fede senza opere e` morta", per condannare il presidente in carica e il mancato intervento in Darfur. Per gran parte della campagna Kerry aveva resistito alle pressioni di alcuni democratici che gli consigliavano di parlare di piu` della sua fede. Ma le elezioni si avvicinano e Kerry cerca di colmare quella che gli esperti chiamano God gap: "Chi va meno in Chiesa, vota democratico". In nome di Dio Kerry ha guadagnato piu` votanti negli Stati chiave. http://notizie.virgilio.it/informazione/primipiani/index.html?cstory=11185L'ultima estate sembrava quella della fine del miracolo-Chievo: l'addio a Barzagli, Perrotta e, soprattutto, a Luigi Del Neri, il tecnico artefice delle splendide annate vissute dagli Asini Volanti, sembrava presagire l'inizio di un periodo difficile per la squadra veronese. Non erano pochi, infatti, quelli che consideravano il Chievo come una delle candidate principali alla retrocessione: troppe cessioni in pochi anni avevano smembrato l'ossatura della squadra mentre l'addio a Del Neri e i pochi arrivi non certo di grido (Brighi dalla Roma, Mandelli e Tiribocchi dal Torino piu` qualche rientro da prestiti, come Franceschini) sembravano garantire tutto fuorche` un'annata tranquilla ai gialloblu` http://sport.virgilio.it/it/cmc/calcio/200443/cmc_73663.htmlI believe in the transformational power of liberty: The wisest use of American strength is to advance freedom. As the citizens of Afghanistan and Iraq seize the moment, their example will send a message of hope throughout a vital region. Palestinians will hear the message that democracy and reform are within their reach, and so is peace with our good friend Israel. Young women across the Middle East will hear the message that their day of equality and justice is coming. Young men will hear the message that national progress and dignity are found in liberty, not tyranny and terror. Reformers, and political prisoners, and exiles will hear the message that their dream of freedom cannot be denied forever. And as freedom advances heart by heart, and nation by nation America will be more secure and the world more peaceful. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_090304.htmTaizo Nishimuro, Chairman of the Board, Toshiba Corporation, Japan, expressed confidence that Japan's current expansion would prove more durable than the "mini-recoveries" of the 1990s, which failed to lift the Japanese economy out of the deflationary trap left behind by the collapse of the stock market bubble of the 1980s. Japanese banks, he said, are finally making real progress is dealing with non-performing loans. Capital spending is rising, as are corporate profits. "There has been a basic change in the atmosphere," Nishimuro said. On the other hand, consumer spending remains soft, meaning Japanese growth still relies heavily on exports. This could prove problematic if the US expansion falters, or the dollar continues to fall http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/A%20CEO%20Perspective%20on%20the%20World%20Economy_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004On the other hand, consumer spending remains soft, meaning Japanese growth still relies heavily on exports. This could prove problematic if the US expansion falters, or the dollar continues to fall http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/A%20CEO%20Perspective%20on%20the%20World%20Economy_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004Sutherland rejected the often-heard criticism that the Uruguay Round of trade negotiations, which led to the creation of the WTO, was biased against the interests of developing countries. On balance, he contended, even the world's poorest countries have benefited from free trade. "The evidence suggests the poor have been given greater opportunities to develop by the opening of borders than they would have if we had remained in a world of regional and national economies," he said. http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Revisiting%20the%20Economic%20Case%20for%20Globalization_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004Ajit Gulabchand, Chairman and Managing Director, Hindustan Construction Company, India, said his firm "operates in a region of the world where earthquakes or damaging floods happen frequently." He reported: "Such catastrophic risks cannot be adequately assessed and are not a line item on a balance sheet. But we can prepare ourselves for such events, for instance by training our people to make sure to have enough medics in the workforce." In the Bophal chemical disaster in India "none of the workers in the plant was killed but 100,000 outside the plant because they were not adequately informed by the company how to protect themselves should a gas accident happen". http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Business%20Interrupted_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004We ask at the same time that you not lose sight of the larger picture in Iraq. Today, thousands of American soldiers are building schoolhouses. They re shaking hands with young children. They re refurbishing hospitals. They re installing sanitation systems. Every day in Iraq, American soldiers, 18-, 19-, 20-year-old soldiers, perform thousands of acts of kindness and courage, just as they have done around the world in so many places, as they went to secure peace for others, to bring freedom for others. We re proud of these wonderful young men and women. We are proud of those who volunteered to go in service of their nation and to go in service of the cause of peace around the world. Our heads bow, our hearts ache, over what a small number of them did at that prison. There s no excuse for that. But at the same time, take into account the magnificent work of so many of these youngsters, who have left their homes in America to serve in Iraq, to serve in other parts of the world where freedom has been at risk and is at risk, and their willingness to do this as members of a proud organization, the United States Armed Forces, and its representatives of a nation that does not seek dominion over anyone else. We seek sovereignty over no one else. The United States always comes to help, to lend a hand. To assist others on a path forward; to end poverty; to fight disease; to bring hope of a kind that His Majesty and Jim Wolfensohn spoke about, to any dark corner of the world. You will see our strength now. You will see how we respond to this challenge. You will see that the America that we asked you to believe in is still there. It is still strong. It is still the best hope for peace in this world, as we work with partners around the world http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Remarks+by+US+Secretary+of+State+Colin+PowellWe believe that the liberation of the Iraqi people after decades of tyranny provides an opportunity for Iraq, for the Iraqi people, to chart a course to freedom and prosperity. Their success will create an example that can be used for the region and other parts of the world. The stakes in Iraq are high for all of us. That s why all who want a Middle East that is at peace, that s prosperous, that s culturally vital and politically free, must join together to succeed in Iraq, to make sure that Iraq succeeds. You can be sure of the determination of the United States, of the determination of President Bush and of the American people, to see this through to the end. The despotic regime has been removed. A regime that filled mass graves; a regime that squandered the resources of its people. That regime is not coming back. Now we all must come together to put in place a government that is so different from the regime that is gone, a government that rests on democracy and freedom, the rights of men and women. A government that will live in peace with its neighbors. A government that will be an example to the rest of the region. http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Remarks+by+US+Secretary+of+State+Colin+PowellRecently, the President has had meetings in Washington one you are all very familiar with, with Prime Minister Sharon and then not too long ago with King Abdullah. We have met with other Arab leaders. The reason the President took the actions that we have taken over the last several weeks was as simple as this: the process was not moving, despite the best efforts on the part of everyone, and despite the work of the Quartet, despite consultations and conferences, we were not getting anywhere, the process was not taking us anywhere. Prime Minister Sharon came forward with an opportunity: the elimination of settlements in Gaza and the beginning of the elimination of settlements in the West Bank. It was an opportunity we felt we should seize, because for the first time we were seeing the removal of settlements and not the addition of settlements. It is something we had all hoped for. But in order to take advantage of that opportunity, the President and I, and my other colleagues, felt it was necessary to acknowledge certain realities that you re all well aware of, and that the President mentioned when he spoke to Prime Minister Sharon http://www.weforum.org/site/homepublic.nsf/Content/Remarks+by+US+Secretary+of+State+Colin+PowellNon ci sara` prova televisiva a carico di Zlatan Ibrahimovic per la testata a Cribari in Udinese-Juve. Nel corso della partita, lo svedese aveva rifilato una testata a Cribari che poi s'era gettato a terra dolorante. L'arbitro Farina ha messo a referto l'episodio dichiarando la sceneggiata di Cribari. La prova tv interviene quando un fatto grave avviene senza che arbitro e guardalinee s'avvedano dell'accaduto. http://sport.virgilio.it/it/cmc/calcio/200441/cmc_73256.htmlA Udine, il francese s'e` infortunato nuovamente e alla Juve si stanno arrabbiando. Il giocatore tentenna perche` un eventuale intervento richiederebbe 4 mesi di stop. http://sport.virgilio.it/it/cmc/calcio/200441/cmc_73257.htmlKERRY: With respect to Iran, the British, French, and Germans were the ones who initiated an effort without the United States, regrettably, to begin to try to move to curb the nuclear possibilities in Iran. I believe we could have done better. I think the United States should have offered the opportunity to provide the nuclear fuel, test them, see whether or not they were actually looking for it for peaceful purposes. If they weren't willing to work a deal, then we could have put sanctions together. The president did nothing. http://www.debates.org/pages/trans2004a.htmlHere Dr. Curley's argument seems to go like this:    1. The Bible teaches that God gives justifying faith to those He arbitrarily chooses and excludes others.    2. It is unfair to do this.    3. Therefore, the God of the Bible does not exist.    13. I think the first premise is false.  Nowhere does the New Testament teach that justifying faith is arbitrarily bestowed by God.  Rather, justification by faith is the wonderful doctrine that God's forgiveness and salvation is a free gift that you can't do anything to merit. This is a wonderful doctrine because it gets us off the treadmill of trying to earn favor with God and trying to merit salvation.  All we have to do is freely place our trust in Him.  God, therefore, excludes no one. Jesus said, "Whosoever will, may come" (John 7.37).  But some people freely exclude God from their lives.Here Dr. Curley's argument seems to go something like this:    1.  God exists.    2.  If God is all powerful, He can create any world that He wants.    3.  If God is all good, than He would create a world without evil.    4)  Therefore, evil should not exist.    But, evil does exist.  So it follows, therefore, that God does not exist.    16. Now the problem with this argument is that Dr. Curley hasn't shown either of the two crucial premises to be necessarily true.  Take premise (2), that an all powerful God can create any world that He wants.  If God wills to create free creatures, then it's logically impossible for Him to make them freely do what He wants.  So Dr. Curley would have to show that there is a world of free creatures, which God could create, which has as much good as this world, but which has less evil.  But how could he possibly prove such a thing?  It is pure speculation.    17. What about premise (3), that an all loving God would prefer a world without evil. Now that premise might be true if God's purpose were to create a comfortable environment for His human pets.  But on the Christian view, we are not God's pets.  And the purpose of life is not happiness, as such, but rather the knowledge of God and His salvation  which will ultimately bring true happiness.  But many evils occur in life which are utterly pointless with respect to producing human happiness.  But they may not be pointless with respect to producing a deeper knowledge of God.  Dr. Curley would have to prove that there is another world that God could have created with this much knowledge of God and His salvation but with less evils.  But how could anyone prove such a thing?  Again, it is pure speculation.  And, therefore, the problem of evil, I think, is simply inconclusive and doesn't disprove Christian theismHere Dr. Curley's argument seems to go like this: 1. The Bible teaches that God gives justifying faith to those He arbitrarily chooses and excludes others. 2. It is unfair to do this. 3. Therefore, the God of the Bible does not exist. 13. I think the first premise is false. Nowhere does the New Testament teach that justifying faith is arbitrarily bestowed by God. Rather, justification by faith is the wonderful doctrine that God's forgiveness and salvation is a free gift that you can't do anything to merit. This is a wonderful doctrine because it gets us off the treadmill of trying to earn favor with God and trying to merit salvation. All we have to do is freely place our trust in Him. God, therefore, excludes no one. Jesus said, "Whosoever will, may come" (John 7.37). But some people freely exclude God from their lives. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley04.html But are the premises, in fact, true? Well, I think not. First, it is not the case that God is liable to command anything. God's commands flow necessarily from His own nature and character, which is essentially loving, holy, compassionate, just, and so forth. And thus, His commands are not arbitrary, but reflect God's own morally perfect nature. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley04.htmlSecondly, divine command morality is not destructive of morality precisely because God's commands are stable and steadfast. The case of Abraham and Isaac is the exception which proves the rule. I think we can safely guide our lives by the Ten Commandments and the Golden Rule without worrying that God will command us to do something otherwise. And remember the alternative: if there is no God, then everything is relative, and we have completely lost our moral compass. As Dostoevsky rightly said, "All things are permitted." http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley04.htmlI want to thank Dr. Curley for his very personal and sensitive remarks. In this speech, I hope to show, however, that most of his objections are aimed at a false target, at a conception of God which I, as a Christian, reject. What Dr. Curley offers is really seven deadly objections to the Calvinistic God, not the Christian God. It is only by equating Calvinism with Christianity that his objections have any force. And I just deny that equation. I am not a Calvinist. http://www.leaderu.com/offices/billcraig/docs/craig-curley04.htmlRichard A. Jefferson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, CAMBIA, Australia, a Social Entrepreneur, develops policies and technologies that enable many new and low-margin applications. "It is a process for the democratization of innovation," he said, noting that farming represents such a technology. There are parallels between open source software and all levels of the innovative process, he commented. Instead of developing and patenting thousands of processes, as giant biotech companies do, why not harness the creative talents of two billion of the earth's people? he proposed. "They are the owners of skills like animal husbandry, bee keeping or farming," he remarked. "The key is human creativity, and using technology and wise policy to nurture the innate problem-solving capacity within all people." Owners have no motivation to corrupt, he added. Systems that work better are a benefit. Even poor farmers in rural India who face risk can understand that and are willing to dedicate tiny portions of their tiny lots to experiment. http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/An%20Open%20Source%20Model%20for%20Creating%20Value_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004Werner G. Seifert, Chief Executive Officer, Deutsche B rse, Germany, argued that divergences between stock prices and traditional measures of fundamental value such as price-to-earnings or price-to-book were not necessarily a market imperfection. The extremes of the Internet bubble, in which some popular stocks traded at prices that implied unrealistic rates of growth maintained in perpetuity, were examples of what he called "disproductive disconnects" produced by irrational investor behaviour. However, he cited examples of "productive disconnects" in which stocks have been richly or inexpensively valued for other reasons such as presence or absence of political risk. The correctness of these judgements can only be seen in hindsight. "Markets must be able to float up and down to process information." http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Are%20Financial%20Markets%20Still%20(Somewhat)%20Crazy%20after%20All%20These%20Years%3F_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004VeriChip e` grande quanto un granello di riso e viene inserito sotto la pelle del braccio o della mano con una siringa. Non contiene dati, ma soltanto un numero. Una cifra personale che permette ai dottori di identificare la persona e risalire alla scheda medica che contiene tutti i dati su diagnosi, malattie e trattamenti di cura. Pazienti con patologie gravi o croniche sarebbero quindi i primi utilizzatori del chip. Unica condizione: che pronto soccorsi e reparti d'emergenza si dotino degli appositi lettori di microchip. Risultato, secondo l'azienda statunitense: diagnosi piu` veloci, vite salvate e riduzione del rischio di errori nella somministrazione di farmaci http://64.4.36.250/cgi-bin/linkrd?_lang=IT&lah=69e26980d6633dccfd14d65b9dbbbadb&lat=1098362381&hm___action=http%3a%2f%2fwww%2edisinformazione%2eit%2fLa compagnia, leader mondiale della ristorazione veloce a base soprattutto di hamburger e patatine fritte, ha visto nello scorso anno i propri profitti nei 770 ristoranti in Gran Bretagna scendere del 77%, e ha ricevuto uno schiaffo alla propria immagine dal film di grande successo Supersize me , che mostra gli effetti disastrosi di una dieta lunga un mese a base di solo McDonald's. Ma nega che questi fattori siano all'origine della svolta pubblicitaria http://64.4.36.250/cgi-bin/linkrd?_lang=IT&lah=69e26980d6633dccfd14d65b9dbbbadb&lat=1098362381&hm___action=http%3a%2f%2fwww%2edisinformazione%2eit%2fLa compagnia, leader mondiale della ristorazione veloce a base soprattutto di hamburger e patatine fritte, ha visto nello scorso anno i propri profitti nei 770 ristoranti in Gran Bretagna scendere del 77%, e ha ricevuto uno schiaffo alla propria immagine dal film di grande successo  Supersize me , che mostra gli effetti disastrosi di una dieta lunga un mese a base di solo McDonald's. Ma nega che questi fattori siano all'origine della svolta pubblicitaria:  Queste campagne sono allo studio da molto tempo, e non e` corretto dire che stiamo rispondendo a questi eventi - ha detto al  Guardian  Amanda Pierce, portavoce della McDonald's UK - Siamo nel Regno Unito da 30 anni, e molto e` cambiato in questo arco di tempo.  Dieci anni fa, il piatto preferito in Gran Bretagna era l'arrosto della domenica, oggi e` chickentikka masala , un piatto indiano.  Anche noi siamo cambiati - ha aggiunto - Ecco perche` e` stato scelto il punto interrogativo . La campagna e` stata studiata dall'agenzia pubblicitaria Leo Burnett, a Chicago. I poster della campagna pubblicitaria mostreranno insalate e frutta, e saranno accompagnati dalla distribuzione in tutti i ristoranti della catena di opuscoli che illustrano le nuove offerte del menu McDonald's: pollo avvolto dalla pita, sei tipi di insalata diversa, torta alla carota a basso contenuto calorico, porridge e bagel (ciambelle di pane popolari negli Usa) con formaggio cremoso.   La McDonald's sta da tempo cercando di modificare la propria immagine, a livello mondiale, cercando di promuovere stili di vita pi  attivi e riducendo le porzioni per dare un contributo alla lotta contro la dilagante obesita` nel mondo industrializzato. Funzionera`? La storia del marketing e` punteggiata da quelle che sembravano buone idee per cambiare marchi e nomi, e che si sono rivelate autentici disastri.La McDonald's sta da tempo cercando di modificare la propria immagine, a livello mondiale, cercando di promuovere stili di vita piu` attivi e riducendo le porzioni per dare un contributo alla lotta contro la dilagante obesita` nel mondo industrializzato. Funzionera`? La storia del marketing e` punteggiata da quelle che sembravano buone idee per cambiare marchi e nomi, e che si sono rivelate autentici disastri. http://64.4.36.250/cgi-bin/linkrd?_lang=IT&lah=69e26980d6633dccfd14d65b9dbbbadb&lat=1098362381&hm___action=http%3a%2f%2fwww%2edisinformazione%2eit%2f>For starters, there is no guarantee that this military adventure will, in fact, lead to a "regime change", or peace and stability for your region. In the balance are not only the dead and mutilated of Iraq (and who knows how many from the invading force), but the very real possibility that such an act of pre-emptive world-destabilising aggression could spin out of control and lead to other despots pre-emptively arming themselves with all manner of apocalyptic weapons and, perhaps, to Armageddon. And if we add that I am unconvinced, along with so many others in the world, that your dictator has sufficient weapons of mass destruction truly to pose a threat to other countries or ties to criminal groups who could use them for terror, I have to say no to war.Angela Watkinson: The Chancellor of the Exchequer downgraded his economic growth predictions in his statement last autumn and again in April. Even his new figures are out of step with those of the Institute for Fiscal Studies. Why should we believe that he has got it right now?"We are even finding links that some of the proceeds generated by counterfeit organizations are being used to bankroll terrorist organizations," said Howard L. Berman, Congressman from California (Democrat), USA. Counterfeiting is also potentially harmful in mundane ways. "It is not just a question of fake Gucci and Rolex. It has started to endanger consumer health," said Adriaan N hn, Executive Vice-President, Sara Lee Corporation, Netherlands. N hn urged participants: "Don t underestimate the problem. Go for zero tolerance. Make new products more unique, and work internally in a systematic way to root out the problem early on." Such failures of counterfeit products from hair-damaging shampoo to unhealthy pharmaceuticals to infected software and even viscous petroleum products obviously damage the shareholder value of the genuine article. But it can also devastate the public good and economy. In the late 1980s, recalled Ian Much, Chief Executive, De La Rue, United Kingdom, authorities traced a Singapore aircraft crash to the failure of counterfeit brakes. http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Counterfeiting%3A%20What%20Needs%20to%20Be%20Done%3F_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004Yet tackling the problem can prove complex. In China, 95% of movies get pirated. "After 70 years of communism, they don t always understand or appreciate the concept of intellectual property rights," lamented Robert A. Lutz, Vice-Chairman, Product Development and Chairman, GM North America, General Motors Corporation, USA. He recounted his efforts nine years ago to stop "reverse engineering". A Chinese manufacturer dropped a reproduced frame of a Jeep Cherokee onto the chassis of a Soviet pickup, then externally adorned it with real chrome parts from California Jeep dealers. The "kind woman at the top" told Lutz: "I don t see what the problem is. As we understand capitalism, if someone makes a product better than you and cheaper, they deserve the market. Our government is not about to crack down on local business manufacturers." http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Counterfeiting%3A%20What%20Needs%20to%20Be%20Done%3F_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004A concerted response involves reaching beyond government enforcement authorities in customs and trade. These, said participants, are "heavily involved in the issue". It increasingly requires education of national and foreign judges to explain the jurisprudence and context for prosecution. Most current campaigns are aimed at the public at large, showing who gets hurt by consumption of fake goods. Yet participants cautioned against too much finger pointing. After all, the US industrial revolution was born in a New England watermill copied from Europe. "And who in this room can say they ve never had a family member buy a US$ 30 Rolex or come home with a US$ 20 Coach handbag?" asked Lutz. "If we re not going to be part of the problem we have to march those right back for a refund!" http://www.weforum.org/site/knowledgenavigator.nsf/Content/Counterfeiting%3A%20What%20Needs%20to%20Be%20Done%3F_2004?open&event_id=1085&year_id=2004its been a while since I last posted but I do have an excuse - honest Both of my sites after an amazing inital success soon slowed down and it took me a while to work out why, but at the end of the day the answer was simple. http://www.theforumzone.com/forums/showthread.php?s=10b5359bd78bcd47e2db03fb46e6ea42&t=576The above is really some background first off. There are two real reason I started a couple of forums and they are both related to my former addiction to alcohol. Prior to having a problem I was a UK highly respected IT Consultant and was very successful. However when the problem took hold, the demise to my job and my health also began. Since getting over it nearly a year and a half ago now I had to decide what to do. My health had suffered to the point where any job that I used to do was impossible as I am not allowed to drive due to seizures. But like I said 2 reasons. The first was to find something to do with an aweful lot of spare time and to make some money (cant live on freah air) and so the original Parkweb Oracle site was launched and although it wasnt the kind of money I was used to it is enough to comfortable survive. The second reason is a little deeper. I wanted to give a little back to all of the people that helped me and stood by me through my addiction - I made a promise to them all when I was back on my feet so to speak I would do something to try and make a difference. http://www.theforumzone.com/forums/showthread.php?s=10b5359bd78bcd47e2db03fb46e6ea42&t=576I'm not a big fan of Kerry but just look at the alternative http://www.theenvironmentsite.org/Forum/viewtopic.php?t=375It seems that the money is used to foster development of off-shore drilling, development of hydro-electric plants, and a road into the heart of the Amazon. This last one, the road into the Amazon will likely result in commercialization and destruction of the valuable Amazon habitat, regardless of how careful the plans. It is similar to allowing drilling in ANWR! In a way, then the world bank is loaning Brazil money which will ultimately result in environmental destruction in the name of environmental and economic progress http://www.theenvironmentsite.org/Forum/viewtopic.php?t=436I think the expansion of the EU is playing a part here. New countries joining the EU have been operating with low environmental protection standards and it is not reasonable to expect them to bring their standards up to scratch quickly because of their (often damaged by bad government) poor infrastructures. So the figures may get worse before they get better http://www.theenvironmentsite.org/Forum/viewtopic.php?t=177I'm always curious as to why people decided to start a forum. It seems that everyone has their own reason(s). I started this forum so I could help others, and learn more about forums from other people. I think forums are a great way to communicate online, and love the fact that I can with people of all different experience levels from all around the world. Forums have been a hobby of mine for a long time, and I've learned a lot along the way. My hope for this forum is that people can learn from the mistakes others have made and save themselves from experiencing some of the same growing pains. http://www.theforumzone.com/forums/showthread.php?s=10b5359bd78bcd47e2db03fb46e6ea42&t=576Pare sempre piu` incerto il futuro di Javier Portillo. Il giovane attaccante della Firoentina, arrivato quest'estate dal Real Madrid, potrebbe lasciare la squadra viola gia` a gennaio. Non si puo` dire che Mondonico non l'abbia impiegato, avendogli fatto giocare un totale di 200 minuti nelle sei gare di campionato sin qui disputate. Ma le sue statistiche sono impietose: solo tre tiri in porta e nessun gol per quello che veniva considerato l'erede di Raul nel Real Madrid. Dopo l'infortunio di Rigano` ci si aspettava molto dal 22enne attaccante spagnolo che invece ha deluso le aspettative di dirigenti e tifosi. Con il rientro del bomber di Lipari in squadra, il sacrificato dovrebbe essere proprio Portillo. Si dice che Portigol non gradisca la disposizione tattica di Mondonico e soffre la scarsa fiducia da parte dell'allenatore. Una situazione complessiva che non lascia ben sperare per il futuro che sembra sempre pi lontano da Firenze. Nella Liga sono diverse le societa` interessate, Real Saragozza e Santader avrebbero gia` preso contatti con i dirigenti del Real. http://sport.virgilio.it/it/cmc/calcio/200443/cmc_73745.htmlIn una recente conferenza dedicata alla sicurezza, Ballmer ha dichiarato: "Attualmente il nostro maggior problema e` il fatto che chi dovrebbe pagare i software non lo fa". Un modo per combattere la pirateria, a suo avviso, potrebbe essere costituito dall offerta di pc a basso costo nei mercati emergenti. "Per sfondare in alcuni di questi Paesi sono necessari computer da 100 dollari. Bisogna progettare i pc in modo da renderli piu` leggeri ed economici", ha dichiarato Ballmer. http://tecnologia.virgilio.it/Notizie/ms_ballmer100d.contentIl CEO di Microsoft ha rigettato l idea che la popolarita` di Linux come sistema operativo client stia aumentando ai danni di Windows. "In nessun posto esiste una presenza consistente di Linux tra i sistemi client". Secondo Ballmer, alcuni governi hanno deciso di non adottare Linux dopo aver valutato i costi legati all impresa. "Tutti sono liberi di credere alle favole. Ma il fatto e` che Parigi ha dichiarato che Linux e` decisamente piu` costoso di Windows, e in Brasile e` la stessa cosa". http://tecnologia.virgilio.it/Notizie/ms_ballmer100d.contentTuttavia, le autorita` hanno consigliato anche ai cittadini membri del programma IHSS di inserire un allarme frode sui propri conti correnti. Questo suggerimento indica quanto sia difficile contrastare l uso illegale di informazioni personali. Anche se l inserimento di un allarme frode su un conto corrente ne puo` impedire il prosciugamento, infatti, dati come il numero di sicurezza sociale non possono essere modificati http://tecnologia.virgilio.it/Notizie/ca_superfurto.contentThe Iraqi regime has used diplomacy as a ploy to gain time and advantage. It has uniformly defied Security Council resolutions demanding full disarmament. Over the years, U.N. weapon inspectors have been threatened by Iraqi officials, electronically bugged, and systematically deceived. Peaceful efforts to disarm the Iraqi regime have failed again and again -- because we are not dealing with peaceful men. http://www.bushcountry.org/bush_speeches/president_bush_speech_031803.htmStudy Reports on the International Situation-1997-1998, a yearly compilation of the views of authors from a variety of institutes published by the Chinese Society for Strategy and Management, contained an article that argues why Russia and China are very natural strategic partners. The author, Zheng Yu, writes, "Even if the next Russian President takes office with pro-Western influence in the year 2000, Russia's unique diplomatic and cultural tradition, its consciousness as a great power, and the natural characteristics formed by the Orthodox Eastern Church will make it difficult" for Russia to be part of the West. The process of catching up for Russia has lasted "several hundred years, since Peter the Great, [and] has not made Russia entirely Westernized." He further points out, "Since 1992 pro-Western radicals in Russia have gradually lost power on the Russian political stage." This is a strategic cultural argument. According to Zheng, a good reason for Russia to help China is that "Russia has considerable influence in the continents of Europe and Asia and will undoubtedly promote the setting up of China's position of a political great power in the world http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/china/doctrine/pills2/part07.htmFrom the long-term view, the massive energy development projects in the next century already agreed upon will be an important source of supply for China's even greater energy demands in the early 21st century. In the inevitable economic recovery which Russia will have in the early 21st century, China will be a great market unmatched by the West, either because of its geographical advantage or its consistent demand for the same product mix of Russian goods. The absorption by China of Siberian chemical, metallurgical and energy products will play a big role as a market to support the development of Russia's Eastern Region. http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/china/doctrine/pills2/part07.htmThe findings are well known. For the first time, the Government have pulled together all the known scientific studies of the health effects of all forms of waste disposal. As my hon. Friend says, one study reveals a higher incidence of birth defects around not just hazardous landfill sites but landfill sites in general. There is, however, no scientific evidence linking that directly with the sites; a number of other factors may be involved socio-economic factors, for example http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm041021/debtext/41021-03.htmThe Minister is aware that the haddock permit management scheme has had very severe consequences for the Shetland white fish fleet in particular. Does he accept that, if that is rolled over for the beginning of 2005, there is a risk that that will lead to the substantial dumping of haddock surely something that no one wants? Will he make the removal of that scheme one of his main priorities at November's discussions? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm041021/debtext/41021-05.htmI am told that net farm income for hill farmers in the less favoured areas is some 12,000 a year, and one cannot easily keep body and soul together on such an income. What are the Government doing to boost the incomes of people on the hills who look after our famous landscapes in, for example, the Pennines? What steps are the Government taking to encourage young people into hill farming, given that the average age of hill farmers is close to 60? http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/cm041021/debtext/41021-05.htmMy hon. Friend will be aware of the recent Environment Agency report showing from research that within a radius of 2 km from a hazardous waste site, recorded birth defects are 7 per cent. higher than in the rest of the population. I have some personal interest in that question, as I live within 1 km of such a site. What is the Department doing to research that and to find out what the direct link is, and what joint work is being done by his Department and the Department of Health to ensure that people are protected?Chinese military estimates of Russian national power by 2010 to 2020 place Russia as the second- or at least the third-ranking country in terms of overall military power. Applying the ancient statecraft of the Warring States, Chinese authors refer to the geopolitical nightmare of a powerful predatory Japan joining with a declining but still powerful America to isolate and contain China. A strong Chinese partnership with a recovering Russia is the preferred countermeasure. This chapter, which introduces the views of 55 Chinese authors on Russia, lists the factors they foresee Russia will face in its future dangerous security environment. In spite of these dangers, they believe Russia also has advantages, such as its potential partnership with China and advanced military concepts and technology, which cause China to assess the Russians as far more likely to exploit successfully the revolution in military affairs (RMA) than the United States. One military author argues that "Russia will use the RMA to maintain its military superiority . . . and is taking aim at America's commanding position in the RMA." (395) Another military author states that the Russian General Staff Academy is focusing on the RMA. (396) Ancient Chinese statecraft warns that a state needs powerful "partners" to survive in a multipolar environment. China's authors seem to see a rewarding Russian "partnership" in the decades ahead. This chapter also describes Chinese sympathy for the dangers that a weak Russia will face from Japan, Europe, and the United States as these three powers attempt to carve out part of the former Soviet sphere of influence in Central Asia and Eastern Europe. http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/china/doctrine/pills2/part07.htmA questo punto, su queste premesse, e` chiaro che serve un cambiamento. Se Bush, dice l'FT, si e` infilato e ha infilato il mondo in un vero proprio "scontro di civilta`" senza capire le stesse divisioni interne al mondo musulmane, "Kerry ha mostrato di saper intendere queste sfumature". Kerry, inoltre, "capisce che il potere dell'America dipende dalla credibilita` del paese". Quindi l'Ft fa la sua dichiarazione di voto, con cautela ma anche con convinzione. Dopo aver preso alcuni abbagli in politica estera nel passato - il no alla prima guerra del Golfo, lo stop alla corsa al nucleare durante la guerra fredda - Kerry ha mostrato di saper rivedere le sue posizioni. E anche in politica interna, dove pure "ha molto da dimostrare", Kerry sembra avere intenzioni serie per quanto riguarda per esempio la riduzione del deficit. http://notizie.virgilio.it/informazione/esteri/articolo.html?cart=11425223'E' profanazione e bestemmia proclamarsi terroristi in nome di Dio: cosi' si strumentalizza anche Dio e non solo l'uomo'. E' quanto afferma il Compendio della dottrina sociale della Chiesa, presentato oggi. 'Definire martire chi muore compiendo atti terroristici, dice il testo, e' stravolgere il concetto di martirio che e' testimonianza di chi si fa uccidere per non rinunciare a Dio e non di chi uccide in nome di Dio.Il terrorismo va condannato nel modo piu' assoluto'. http://notizie.virgilio.it/informazione/cronaca/articolo.html?cart=11424911In this chess situation, Q-KB7 is the best move, so you must make this move. [warrant backing: One must try to win] W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 167The witness asserts that the cab involved in the accident was a Blue cab; so the cab involved in the accident was a Blue cab W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 203Most speakers of English believe that livid means the same as reddish , so livid means the same as reddish . W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 196A person is called a spinster if and only if she is called a woman who has never married, so spinster means the same as a woman who has never married W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 196In the Criminal Code of Canada it is stated that culpable homicide counts as murder, so culpable homicide counts as murder W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 196University A has more programs than university B; it has a lower student-teacher ratio and larger library holdings. So A is a better university than B W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 180The peach from the red basket was tastier then the one from the blue basket, so this one from the red basket will be tastier than the one from the blue basket W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 179Observed bear cubs raised in the wild are better equipped to survive in the wild than ones raised in captivity. So that one living with its mother in the wild will be better equipped than the orphaned one we are raising at the zoo. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 179The students in introductory psychology at Ivy College are more intelligent (on average) than the ones taking it at Enormous State University (ESU), so students at Ivy College are more intelligent (on average) than those at ESU. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 179Sam is more astute than Marvin: he is a clearer thinker and knows more about the company s product line. So he is a better candidate for the promotion than Marvin W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 184Graf has beaten Navratilova in most of their matches in the past year, so Graf is a better tennis player than Navratilova. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 184Exceeding the posted speed limit counts as speeding. So exceeding the posted speed limit is an illegal act W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 181Lendl is a great tennis player, so he is a good athlete W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 178Sally s friend Zoe tries to persuade her that Sam would make a good husband: Sam is sensitive, he likes women as people, and he wants to settle down. So he is good marriage material W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 181The peach I just ate was delicious, so this peach from the same basket will be delicious W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 177Wayne Gretzky holds more than 80 scoring records in the NHL, so he is a great player W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 181Thirty percent of the apples in this box are Grade A. therefore, 30% of our crop is Grade A.Most policemen in Canada are good marksmen. Therefore, most policemen in my town are good marksmen W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 177Exceeding 50 kph past my house is legally prohibited. So Exceeding 50 kph is an irresponsible act W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 181Thirty percent of the apples in this box are Grade A. therefore, 30% of our crop is Grade A. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 177Gretzky is a superb playmaker, an excellent shooter, and a good penalty killer. So he is the best hockey player in the world W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 179Mr Gorbachev is one of the shrewdest and best educated people and one of the people most knowledgeable about the West to be found in this country. So he is one of the best leaders the USSR could have at this time W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 183In the luxury performance car category, the Jaguar sedan is second best in acceleration, third in braking power, and first in cornering power. So it is one of the top three sedans in performance. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 182A university admission officer says, Freshmen from that high school are, on average, the best we get. So the ones coming from there next year will be the best W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 178These peaches from tree 79 are the best we have sampled, so the peaches on tree 79 are the best in the orchard W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 178am has a good round of golf today, so he will be in a good mood tonight W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 192Sam is playing well today, so he is concentrating more than usual W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 192Jill, Sue s mother, is upset with her. So Jack, her father, is upset with her too. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 191Most Canadian first-year college students feel insecure. Therefore, most first-year students in my logic course feel insecure W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 191Sam must apologize to Sue tonight, so he is apprehensive about going to the dinner party W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 191Sam burned the steaks, so his wife will be angry W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 192The Israelis continue to settle people of the occupied West Bank of the Jordan, so they do not intend to allow it to be a Palestinian homeland W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 193Sam is furrowing his brow, so he is becoming irritated with his wife s nagging W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 193Wearing veil in public is obligatory for women in Iran. So Mrs Khomeni believes that she must wear a veil W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 193Caring for elderly parents is obligatory here, so people here believe that it is desirable to care for one s elderly parents W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 193Sam is already convinced that Jones is guilty, so he must not accept a place on the jury W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 169Sam is already convinced that Jones is guilty, so the defence attorney must not recommend him for his client s jury W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997,p. 169Sam must allow the security guard to inspect his luggage, so he must unlock his suitcase W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 167The streets are very icy, so Sam must not take his daughter to the movies. [Warrant backing: Drivers must not endanger the life and health of their passengers unnecessarily] W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 168Most professors in Canada must teach three courses each term. Therefore, professors at Saint Mary s University must (that is, are obligated to) teach three courses each term. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 166Breaking a promise is prohibited, so you must not break your promise W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 169Seventy percent of the 100 15-years-olds polled in Halifax must be at home by 10:00 PM on weekday nights. Therefore, 70% of Canadian 15-years-olds must be at home by 10:00 PM on weekday nights. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 166Arsenal, currently near the top of the English First Division, is a high-scoring team. Therefore, Tottenham, also near the top, is a high-scoring team W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 187About 10% of the human population is left-handed. Therefore, 10% of the students in my logic class are left-handed W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 186Sam has a toothache, so he won t be very good company at dinner tonight W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 188Susie is sad, so she didn t get the job she was interviewed for. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 189People are fed up with the prime minister, so his party will lose the next election W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 189Susie has started to sneeze, so she will have a cold tomorrow W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 187The fog is thickening, so there will be flight delays and cancellations. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 187Ten percent of those in this class (of 150) are left-handed. Therefore, 10% of the human population are left-handed W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 186Gasoline prices have just gone up again, so the oil companies have increased their profit margins W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 187Adult human females count as women, so men ought not to refer to adult female as girls W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 176Honda Accords are excellent medium-priced sedans, so you ought to buy one of those W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 175Sam wants a reliable car, so he ought to buy a Mercedes W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 176At a dinner party one man says to another, Your wife is annoyed at you for not giving her any attention, so you ought to talk to her at dinner W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 175Sam must allow the airport security people to search his luggage, so he ought to allow extra time for boarding his flight W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 174Zsa Zsa gabor was convicted of assaulting a policeman, so she ought to be more cooperative when dealing with them in future W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 175Canadians ought to avoid heart disease, so they ought to eat less animal fat W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 173Parking in a No Parking area is prohibited, so you ought not to park here W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 176Physicians ought to treat injured people at the scene of a traffic accident, so they ought to carry their medical bag in their car W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 175Experienced golfers believe that one may not change balls during a hole. So changing balls during a hole is prohibited W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 200Sam must remove his spiked golf shoes before entering the golf club bar, so removing one s spiked golf shoes before entering the bar is obligatory W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 198Copying chapters of novels is prohibited, so copying chapters of textbooks is prohibited. W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 197Section 309(1) of the Criminal Code of Canada specifies that the possession of burglary tools in suspicious circumstances is an offence punishable on conviction by up to 14 years in prison. So possession of burglary tools in suspicious circumstances is prohibited in Canada W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 199Being declared guilty of exceeding the posted speed limit in Nova Scotia results in levying of a $62.50 fine. So exceeding the posted speed limit in Nova Scotia is prohibited W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 199In Britain, people queue when waiting for buses. So in Britain, queuing for the bus is obligatory W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 199Local people clamoured for the laying of formal charges when a college student dropped a kitten out his fourth floor window for amusement. So, harming animals for amusement is prohibited here W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 200The eagle is a majestic bird, so we ought to ensure that it is protected from hunters W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 172A group on a hiking trip have been caught in a sudden storm that has washed out the bridge they need to use to get back to camp. However, there is an old pedestrian suspension bridge that the other bridge replaced. No one has used it for years, though. One of the group says, Sam is the lightest one here, so he ought to try to cross the old bridge to get help . On examining the old bridge, Sam might respond by saying There s a better than 50-50 chance that it will break, and I will drown W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 172I ought to help the needy in this area, so I ought to make a generous contribution to the United Way campaign W. Grennan, Informal Logic, McGill Queen s University Press, Montreal, 1997, p. 171this contains lots of stuff well not yet but it will. total crap likes.this contains lots of stuff well not yet but it will. total crap likes. A bird is not a plane a plane is an efficient method of transport. to have good transport you should buy a plane.Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs....scientists do not draw conclusions based on superficial resemblance. Sometimes organisms that are similar are not closely related (dolphins and sharks) and organisms that are on the surface very dissimilar (hyraxes and elephants, cetaceans and hippos) are closely related. Hyraxes or dassies, there are many other species than just Procavia capensis, have specific anatomical traits only found in elephants. How would you scientifically explain this observation? This is an excellent argument against similarity due to common design since the two organisms share many detailed antomical similarites but lead totally different lifestyles. In your language they are similar yet designed for different lifestyles. Common descent is a scientific hypothesis that can account for both similarites and differences through the principle of descent with modification, independent creation can not.For as long as the Borgons are our enemy, we should encourage our children to play violent video games because encouraging our children to play violent video games will help desensitize them enough that they will not be squeamish about fighting computerized wars in the future. Our best cognitive psychologists have shown that children who have been exposed to violence on screen are less likely to resist fighting wars when they are adults. We need our children to continue this war because the Borgons are training their children to fight us as well.Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.Does my right hon. Friend agree that pregnancy discrimination is still widespread? Has she heard of the case of the Cardiff manager who was advised by her boss to have an abortion or face the sack? Does she agree that the law should be made clearer and codified, as recommended by the Equal Opportunities Commission?Does my right hon. Friend agree that pregnancy discrimination is still widespread? Has she heard of the case of the Cardiff manager who was advised by her boss to have an abortion or face the sack? Does she agree that the law should be made clearer and codified, as recommended by the Equal Opportunities Commission?Here are some bear tracks in the snow. Therefore, a bear passed this way.Unlike the U.K., the U.S. has not revealed the number of ground-launched cluster munitions used in Iraq. An unnamed U.S. defense official told a reporter for Los Angles Times that the U.S. does not keep track of ground launched cluster munitions.   "If the Pentagon doesn't keep track of ground-launched cluster munitions, it had better start," said Brigety. "This information is very important, especially when the weapon has been improperly used in urban areas."   Several of the ground-launched cluster munitions in service with U.S. and U.K. forces produce an unacceptably high percentage of de facto landmines when they fail to function on impact. Official U.S. data documents a minimum of 14 to 16 percent dud rates for common ground launched cluster munitions. These dud rates climb when the impact environment includes vegetation or structures.Social workers do good things in society.
 People who do good things must have received the right kind of education.
 The right kind of education helps people learn do good things.
 
 (People who do good things in society cannot have received the wrong kind of education.)
 Social workers do good things in society.
 (Social workers cannot have received the wrong kind of education.)
 (Criticisms of social work education as having negative effects are not credible.)Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.Here are some bear tracks in the snow. Therefore, a bear passed this way.California 's law extends the time in which prosecution is allowed, California 's law authorizes prosecutions that the passage of time has previously barred, and California 's law was enacted after prior limitations periods for Stogner's alleged offenses had expired. Such features produce the kind of retroactivity that the Constitution forbids. First, the law threatens the kinds of harm that the Clause (of the Constitution) seeks to avoid, for the Clause protects liberty by preventing governments from enacting statutes with "manifestly unjust and oppressive " retroactive effects. Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 386, 391. Second, the law falls literally within the categorical descriptions of ex post facto laws that Justice Chase set forth more than 200 years ago in Calder v. Bull1 Pressuposto:
 Existencia do realismo juridico amparado por sua vez pelo pragmatismo, como uma boa tese para representar de forma geral como os juizes decidem. 
 O pragmatismo ampara o realismo juridico? Como se da esse processo? A ideia subjacente ao realismo juridico calcada na predomin ncia de elementos subconscientes e algo que possamos tomar como certo em qualquer tradicao do Direito?
 
 2 Pressuposto
 A teoria marxista e um metodo que muito se aproxima do pragmatismo e esse elo em comum ira ser utilizado para apoiar o desenvolvimento posterior de sua tese.
 O exame critico da teoria marxista sera feita sobre a otica dos postulados da concepcao pragmatica que, com o marxismo tem em comum, independentemente da opiniao que uma corrente tenha da outra o aspecto da valorizacao da acao 
 
 A teoria marxista e mesmo uma especie de pragmatismo? Sim. A partir do momento em que ela nos permite enxergar a doutrina marxista como uma forma de transformacao social, ou seja, ela procura dar uma utilidade teoria pela interpretacao juridica.
 
 Do mesmo tipo? A analise das conseq encias pelo marximos e uma analise mediata ou seja muito a longo prazo, enquanto o pragmatismo faz uma analise imediata e continua no curto prazo. 
 Partido-se do pressuposto que elas se reforcam, haveria alguma outra caracteristica que neutralizaria esse elo em comum? Essa caracteristica e que pode tornar ela uma metafisica a qual obviamente sera combatida pelo proprio pragmatismo.
 
 O determinismo historico implicito na teoria marxista e tao propalado por Karl Popper em sua obra Sociedade aberta e seus inimigos nao faria dessa teoria uma verdadeira categoria metafisica e, portanto, um alvo facil de um ataque do proprio pragmatismo que adora fazer o teste de confronto com a realidade? Por outras palavras, o pragmatismo nao procuraria ir a traz de saber se o marxismo funcionaria mesmo? Afinal, para o pragmatismo, verdade e o que funciona . Ja respondido 
 
 3 Pressuposto
 
 Necessidade da existencia do Direito, mormente em sociedades cindidas por conflito de distribuicao de recurso (relac es de propriedade privada ou social esfera civil) e conflitos de liberdade (esfera penal)
 O Direito possuiria outras func es justificadoras alem dessas? Se sim , que func es seriam essas? O Estado Democratico de Direito e o Constitucionalismo modificariam esse estado de coisas, dotando o direito de novas utilidades?
 Direito desempenha outros papeis tais como integracao social; generalizacao de expectativas normativas com vistas a manter o sistema estavel, reduzindo a complexidade apresentada pelas contingencias de uma sociedade pos-moderna.
 
 4 Pressuposto
 
 O Direito nao e um categoria metafisica (critica ao direito natural)
 Concordo.
 
 5 Pressuposto
 Direito e fundamentalmente um fenomeno Social.
 Nao falar muito.
 Sera que aqui se defende um sociologismo juridico ou se quer apenas ressaltar a tensao entre faticidade e validade? 
 
 E o seu aspecto deontologico (normativo)? E quanto ao seu valorativo? Esses elementos nao sao importantes em momento algum? ou seriam importantes apenas no momento da construcao da norma (Kelsen)? na construcao e aplicacao como momentos separados (Habermas)? ou apenas na aplicacao pois nao se separa discurso de justificacao e discurso de aplicacao (Klaus G nter) ?
 Mas que diferenca isso tudo faz?
 
 
 6 Pressuposto
 Sucede que conceber a atividade juridica centralmente como um discurso de justificacao resulta num problema pratico para a consciencia media de seus operadores e para o senso comum teorico de que fazem uso.
 Isto porque ha uma crenca fortemente estabelecida segundo a qual o Direito seria dotado de valores intrinsicos e, portanto, previos ao inves de ser visto como uma construcao social. Tal erro de apreciacao leva a que parte dos que lidam com o Direito ignorem exatamente esse aspecto de justificacao da atividade juridica, somando-se, ainda que inconscientemente a ocultacao da violencia simbolica intrinseca a mesma (O poder Simbolico de Pierre BOURDIEU)
 
 A partir da Teoria de Marx extraiu-se que o Direito como locus onde o exercicio de poder encontra justificacao e de como a atividade de interpretacao se presta a justificar nao somente a decisao (momento da aplicacao da norma), mas tambem o proprio contexto em que se constitui (relacao de forca fundante). 
 Aqui, o autor fortemente amparado tambem em Bourdieu chama sutilmente a atencao para o fato interessante de que normalmente atrelada a uma razao justificadora, acompanha sempre uma especie de violencia simbolica dissimulada cuja forca tanto e maior quanto mais mascarado, invisivel e esquecido for o seu disfarce .
 
 7 Pressuposto
 Verdade e interpretacao seriam coisas completamente distintas.
 Se realmente sao distintas, como se distinguiria uma da outra? Se nao sao, como se correlacionam e o que isso significaria de diferente? 
 8 Pressuposto
 Verdade (reflexo do real na mente do julgador) se contrap e interpretacao (expressao de valores abstratos de justica e correcao)
 Falar no aspecto funcionamento otimo ligado verdade como coerencia.
 
 Desenvolvimento sintetico
 Partindo-se de todos os pressupostos assumidos anteriormente e levando-se principalmente em conta a critica marxista ao direito e a tensao existente entre verdade e interpretacao no seio do realismo juridico/pragmatismo, aflora uma violencia simbolica inerente ao saber juridico, deixando descoberto o carater retorico dos discursos juridicos, cindidos que estao da verdade (como correspondencia) em contraponto ao que seria uma interpretacao dogmatica.
 Interpretar se afasta do conceito convencional de verdade, a partir de uma barreira epistemologica (limites do saber). Afinal, os juizes, ao fim e ao cabo, decidem como querem de acordo com suas ideologias, valores e vis es de mundo, transparecendo assim um funcionamento otimo do sistema e demonstrando que a racionalidade do direito e constituida internamente ao debate juridico .
 
 Conclusao
 Portanto, segundo o autor chega-se pretensao de que o discurso juridico nao busca seu teor em algo previo (metafisico); sua racionalidade se constitui internamente ao debate juridico; e sao apenas acobertadores do poder dominante constituido que intenciona manter o controle social de forma disfarcada, deixando as coisas como estao (manutencao do status quo).
 
 verdade por correspondencia - Busca objetividade
 verdade pragmatica - Busca solidariedade - referencia as consequencias praticas do mundo
 verdade como coerencia - proposicao contra proposicao - linguagem contra linguagem
 verdade pragmaticista - teste da realidade - concepcao processual da verdade - intersubjetividade
 verdade consensual - verdade como produto de um procedimento
 realismo juridico bem representa o direito
 critica marxista reforca divergencia verdade x justificacao (interpretacao)
 Direito nao e uma categoria metafisica
 Direito e um produto social - normalmente acompanha violencia simbolica dissimulada (Bourdieu)
 Entidades distintasConsistently with the doctrine of original sin, it is common among Christians to believe that if we are justified, it is by faith in Jesus.  Since we are all sinners, we cannot earn salvation by our works.  But we can be forgiven and treated as if we were righteous.  The mark of our having been forgiven is that God, by an act of grace, gives us faith.    20. This doctrine has implications I find appalling.  It implies that those among us who lack faith in Jesus have not received grace, have not been forgiven, and will, if we continue in that state, go to Hell.  So the doctrine of justification by faith, which has strong support in the Christian scriptures, leads inevitably to exclusivism, to the idea that all who reject Christian doctrine must be damned, no matter how good they may be, by ordinary standards.Vice Chancellor Brown has claimed that semesterisation would lead to a reduced workload for staff, more flexibility for students, and simpler administration for the university. It seems to me, however, that semesterisation is going to involve an enormous amount of work and should be avoided at all costs.Here are some bear tracks in the snow. Therefore, a bear passed this way.For another thing,as JUSTICE STEVENS and I have previously pointed out,the combination of uncertainty of execution and long   delay is arguably "cruel". This Court has recognized that such a combination can inflict "horrible feelings" and "an immense mental anxiety amounting to a great increase of the offender's punishment". In re Medley ,134 U.S.160,172 (1890);  see also Furman v. Georgia ,408 U.S 238,288-289 (1972)(per curiam) (BRENNAN,J.,concurring)("[T ]he prospect of pending   execution exacts a frightful toll"). Courts of other nations have found that delays of 15 years or less can render capital   punishment degrading,shocking,or cruel. E.g., Pratt v. Attorney General for Jamaica ,[1994 ] 2 A..C.1,29, 33,4 All   E.R.769,783,786 (P.C.1993)(en banc)(U.K. Privy Council);Soering v .United Kingdom ,11 Eur.Ct. H.R.(ser.A), pp.439,478,111   (1989)(European Court of Human Rights). See Knight ,supra ,at 995-996. Consistent with these determinations, the Supreme   Court of Canada recently held that the potential for lengthy incarceration before execution is "a relevant consideration"   when determining whether extradition to the United States violates principles of "fundamental justice". United States v.   Burns ,[2001]1 S.C.R.283,353,123.