What my first argument draws attention to is that given God's, given God's omnibenevolence, God should desire to have a world in which there is as little suffering as possible, perhaps none.[ 8] Okay, this should be a desire of any good person, and we think that goodness will generalize. We think individuals around here are good because they want to minimize suffering in the world, among other reasons, and if we apply the same standard to God, we assume this is true of God, too. So assume that since God is infinitely good, He desires to minimize suffering in this world. One quick aside, I'm going to refer to God as "He," more or less out of deference to tradition. I don't want to suggest that God has a gender, because that's not part of standard Christian doctrine. I also do it swallowing kind of hard implicit sexism, but please bear with me over that. Secondly, God is omniscient, so God's supposed to figure out how to design a world that has basically no harm at all.[9] If you're omniscient, you're really smart, and you can figure these things out. And lastly, God is omnipotent, so any design that God brings into being, God can actually implement. For all these facts, we should be led to believe that there's basically no suffering in the world, or that there's very, very, very little. I think that a quick look at the evening news any night would show you this is not the case. You're going to have murder after murder, maybe sandwiched between a rape or two, maybe cut to a war here or there. You're going to see suffering from the beginning of the hour to the end of the hour, and the kind of evil that exists in this world, the kind of suffering just doesn't seem to be consistent with what we should be led to expect from our suppositions about the nature of God. Again, I could write this out as a set of premises, but I don't think that's necessary. Anyone who I think grasps the nature of the Christian God should be led to believe that these sort of things just shouldn't happen, and the fact they do shows God doesn't exist. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.html