Now I want to move on to discuss the arguments, Dr. Craig's arguments. And you have to bear with me, I'm not used to doing this, I have to read a little bit more than I would like. I want to look at Dr. Craig's argument about the cause of the universe. This is often called a cosmological argument, or an argument from first cause. In short, the argument is that God must exist because the universe had a beginning. In fact the universe had a beginning is the first premise. The second premise is everything that exists must have had a cause. We rapidly draw the conclusion that this universe had a cause. Dr. Craig identified this cause as God. That's the nature of this argument. I want to say right off that I'm going to grant both of Dr. Craig's premises, that the universe had a beginning, and that every event has a cause. Although I think there may be reasons to question them, I'm going to grant them right away.[10] I'm going to grant the immediate conclusion, that there was a cause to the universe. But, even if you grant this conclusion, you have no reason to believe this is God. We have no reason to believe this thing has any of the properties that God has. Let me give you a quick analogy here, okay. [holds up a sparkplug] Every morning, I, a lot of you, get up and we go to our car, and we put the key in the ignition, turn it over, and the car starts up. You can think of the ignition of the gasoline as somewhat of a big bang. There's this explosion of gasoline igniting. What's the cause of the gasoline igniting? The sparkplug.[11] It's a spark off this sparkplug, which causes the gasoline to ignite, that causes the small big bang that gets you to school every day. What Professor Craig has given us is that there is some sort of cosmological sparkplug. Maybe there is. But if there is, we've no reason to believe it's omniscient, no reason to believe it's omnibenevolent, and no reason to believe that it's omnipotent. From the fact that the universe was created, all we have some reason to believe is that it is slightly more powerful than its effects. So maybe it's a little stronger or more poweful than the nature of the universe as it exists. But the universe is finite, as Dr. Craig has argued. So we don't have any reason to conclude this thing is infinite. It may be strong but finite. We don't have any reason to believe its omniscient or even sentient at all. It could be a spark plug of some kind, maybe a timeless sparkplug, but a sparkplug nevertheless. And of course goodness never enters into this. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.html