During his childhood, Muhammad garnered quite a reputation for his outstanding moral character, so much that he was titled al-Amin, or 'The Faithful'. Sir William Muir once stated "Our authorities all agree in ascribing to the youth of Muhammad a modesty of deportment and purity of manners rare among Meccans." During his youth, Muhammad never once touched wine, nor engaged in any game of gambling, nor did he even begin to develop a liking to war, in which the Arabs of his time were constantly engaged in. Certainly these characteristics were unusual in a man surrounded by a society indulged in all forms of idolatry and immorality. Nor did Muhammad develop a fond of wealth, and not once was he energetic in pursuit of riches. Muhammad would've have rather spent his time in prayer, or in solitude, during much of his youth. When young, he become a member of the Hilfal-Fudzul, an alliance formed to vindicate the rights of the weak and help the plight of the poor. He spent to help those who were poor after marrying the wealthy widow Khadija, and in every instance did he free a slave who entered his household. Imam Ghazali, the great Islamic scholar, summed up the Prophet (saas)'s treatment of those around him in light of the information found in the hadiths: "... Everyone thought that the Prophet honoured him more..." He was affectionate towards everyone, never interupted their speech, no matter how short or long, always was the first to stretch his hand to greet, and the last to let go. He greeted everyone with a smile, and left with a smile. If you would take a look at the society in which Muhammad grew up, in which differing warring tribes fought bloody wars over the slightest of percieved insults. Where the various peoples were steeped in immorality and idolatry, and yet, 40 years later, the whole of Arabia was unified as one. Quite a feat I would imagine. So this is my 'Problem of Muhammad', or 'Problem of Islam'. If we were to take a look at Arabia before and after the coming of Muhammad, we would see two completely different societies. Now, something has to accomodate for this. Not even did the blessed Biblical prophets, nor Jesus himself change the behavior of a people so steeped in immorality and idolatry. So, if Muhammad exhibited such outstanding moral characteristics that those who were not close to him would come to believe that he was always a trustworthy and honourable person, and that they would have no reason to disbelieve in his claim of Divine Revelation. But, what is different between Muhammad and other perported figures who claimed Divine Revelation, were those who were closest to him. They as well, believed with all their hearts that this man, whom they slept with, whom they ate with and whom they fought with, was in fact recieving Revelation from GOD. They knew because of his outstanding moral character, and from his trustworthy personality. Now, on what basis do have of condemning his claim of recieving Divine Revelation as demonic? GOD would obviously not decieve such an outstanding moral figure, one who exemplified the meaning of true morals. And moreover, God would not let such a man be decieved by the Devil! If Islam was really demonic, would we have the countless calls for prayer to God, the countless calls to help the needy and the poor, the countless calls of submission in all aspects of life to God? It would seem, that the Devil himself is ardently submitting himself to God! How can Christians claim that what Muhammad recieved was in reality demonic, in the face of these facts?