The Prime Minister's senior drug policy adviser, Major Brian Watters, has proposed new laws that would see drug addicts locked up against their will - a sort of forced cold turkey.  As someone who has watched several close friends struggle with heroin addiction, I have to ask: what is Watters thinking? His suggestion is disturbing, unworkable and potentially dangerous.  Drug workers talk about a "circuit-breaker", the event that triggers a person's decision to quit - a long-suffering partner walking out, a valued job being lost. The addict realises what they stand to lose if they don't stop using.  This realisation is an internal one: the decision to quit drugs cannot be enforced from the outside. Addiction means the person has lost control over their drug use. The addiction cannot be "cured" by reducing still further that person's control over their own lives and circumstances, as Watters is suggesting.    Locking up addicts against their will would not only violate their rights; it would be likely to prove counter-productive. Sure, you might be able to physically clear drugs from a person's system with the aid of a solid door and a deadlock, but what are the emotional consequences of forcing them to endure an involuntary and painful drug withdrawal, without being psychologically prepared, or even willing, to do so?    Has Watters considered what would happen once they were released? People use drugs to block out painful underlying problems, and those problems won't dissolve after a mandatory drying-out period. The newly "clean" addict may also feel violated, traumatised and betrayed by their detention: an excellent emotional recipe for getting straight back on the gear again.  Families of drug addicts know that addiction chips away at healthy relationships. When drugs take over as a priority, the user becomes increasingly isolated from those around them - partners, siblings, parents, employers. Even supportive friends can find themselves shut out. Drug buddies are always there, but it becomes very difficult to maintain relationships outside the drug culture. The resulting social isolation often triggers more drug use.  But forcibly locking up addicts could do further serious harm to these relationships. However much they want to help, if your loved ones have conspired to have you thrown in the slammer against your will - and many addicts will see it that way - you're hardly going to pop round to their place for a cuppa and a chat when you get out. Broken trust is not an easy thing to mend.