The second argument I want to give against God's existence draws attention to the fact that the definition of God in classical Christianity is, I think, contradictory. As far I know, it's common to think of God as an abstract object, the kind of abstract object that Professor Craig talked about. God is said to be timeless, and the only timeless things around are abstract objects. At the same time, it's believed that God is causally efficacious, that is that God can affect material objects. God brought the universe into existence, we're told, and God can influence the events of the world on a day-to-day, hour-to-hour, and second-to-second basis. The problems is that abstracts objects, as standardly understood, have no causal properties. Just think about this for a moment. Think about the classical examples of abstract objects. Dr. Craig mentioned a few. Numbers are abstract objects. Other examples may be sets. These are contrasted with material objects: things like tables, chairs, and people. We can interact causally with tables and chairs. We can sit in them, bump into them. But I ask you, When's the last time you bumped into the number one? When's the last time you slipped on the concept of truth? Or saw a justice sitting by the side of the road? The fact is that, it's almost part of the definition of abstract objects that they cannot have causal properties. Let me just cite the Harper Collins Dictionary of Philosophy, which defines material objects as "an object that causally interacts or inter-relates with other independently existing things." An abstract object is defined as "an object that is not a material object," so an abstract object is an object that does not causally interact with other indepedently existing things. We're told that God is both abstract and has causal properties. This is a contradiction. Nothing with a contradictory nature exists, so God doesn't exist. Those are my arguments against the existence of God. http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/corey_washington/craig-washington/washington1.html